---
title: RFC 0001
description: The RFC process
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:04.976Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# 0001 - RFC Process
**Accepted** 

*Proposed: 2019* | *Accepted: 2019* | *Last Modification: 04. Mar. 2020*

## Summary

We suggest the use of a Request For Comment (RFC) process in the multi-project aSTEP.

## Motivation

We want to document the decisions made. We want everyone to be able to have a say in the discussions. We want the process to be transparent. We want to have a single source of truth.

## Details
The following points aim to explore how the RFC process meets the point of the motivation, and how it is implemented.

### Documentation
One of the requirements for this semester is inter-group collaboration. This collaboration can be documented in a natural and chronological way with the RFC repository. Furthermore, [pandoc](https://pandoc.org/) can be used to transform the RFCs into .tex files for the bachelor reports.

### Participation
Committee meetings are useful, and their usefulness can be improved by adding a way to discuss issues and proposals publicly, allow all members of the aSTEP group to participate. Git repositories provide a convenient structure and process for this.

### Transparency
Transparency, as defined by [the Scrum guide](https://www.scrumguides.org/scrum-guide.html):
> Significant aspects of the process must be visible to those responsible for the outcome.

We hold the primary responsibility for the quality and outcome of this project. By making an RFC repository, we wish to give everyone a change to participate and inspect each addition to the decisions made as a multi-project.

### Single Source of Truth
The RFC repository should serve as a single source of truth. This means that if there are disagreements about definitions of "done", it should serve as a reference point. If the RFC repository is unclear, or the issue has not been addressed, suggestions should be made in the form of a merge request.

### Procedure
 1. RFCs repository
 2. The master branch of the RFCs repository contains decisions _made_.
 3. Issues are filed for problems to be solved.
 4. Each suggestion is made in a separate branch, which is merged into master _when accepted_.
 5. An RFC should contain the following:
  - Name
  - Summary
  - Motivation
  - Details
  - Alternatives
 6. Before an RFC can be considered at the steering committee meeting (super group meeting), each RFC must be submitted for consideration as an MR at least two days before (monday) the meeting itself. This however does not mean, that a given RFC will be handled (accepted or rejected) at the following steering committee meeting. A group can choose to extend the lifetime of an RFC MR by one week, if they so desire. To summarize the previous guidelines of item 6:
	- An RFC MR must be submitted at least two days before a steering committee meeting.
	- Any group can choose to extend the lifetime of an RFC MR by a maximum of one week.
	- Any RFC MR, has a maximum lifespan of 14 days.
7. The name of the RFC should follow the following pattern `{number}-{name}` where name is a short description of the topic, and the number should be 4 digits (leading zeros)
8. All RFCs should be placed in the /src/ folder
9. The name of a merge request should be the name of the RFC, including the number, making it easier to see the utilized numeric valued
10. The numbers should be incremented every time a new suggestion is made. Therefore, if the number of the last MR is 0015, the new number should be 0016 regardless of whether the previous RFC is merged. It is good practice to name your merge request in a similar manner, so others can more easily see where the number is at.
11. It is fine to communicate in Danish on the Gitlab server, but the contents of each RFC should be in English, as we would otherwise have to rewrite them for the reports.

## Alternatives

We could let the weekly meetings suffice, along with documents for each meeting.
