---
title: RFC 0003
description: Development Process
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:06.932Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# 0003 - Development Process
**Accepted** 

*Proposed: 2019* | *Accepted: 2019* | *Last Modification: 04. Mar. 2020*

## Summary
We propose a shared methodology in the use of Gitlab for this group.

## Motivation
There are many common ways to format merge requests, branch names, the content of a commit message, et cetera. We want to establish a common language and practice.
We expect this mitigates some risk of friction and discontent.

## Details

We want to answer the following questions:
- What should be in a merge request?
- What is the protocol with suggesting changes to others' merge requests?
- What branch naming conventions do we use?

### Contents of a Merge Request (MR)
- Description
- Changelog
- Definition of Done

### Merge Request Procedure
- A merge request should solve a single problem.
- Do not make changes to others' merge requests. Suggestions are fine.
 - Alternatively you can create a subbranch and a merge request into the branch with your relative changes
- Do not merge someone else's request. When it is approved, they should be notified so they can perform the merge themselves.

### Branch Naming Conventions
The following convention is used for collaborative repositories (namely UI and DB). It is also recommended for individual projects, however, it is not required.

**NB**: _Your code on master **must** always be in a production-ready state, no matter which convention you follow._


There are two branches which are never deleted:
- `origin/master`
- `origin/develop`

#### origin/master
The source code at HEAD should always be production-ready.

#### origin/develop
The source code at HEAD should contain the latest delivered development changes for the next release. When this branch is stable, it is merged into `origin/master`.

Other branches include
- Feature branches
- Hotfix branches
- Release branches

See https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/ for more information.

## Alternatives
Currently no alternatives are being considered.
