---
title: RFC 0004
description: Service Interface
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:07.951Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# 0004 - Interface of Microservices
**Further specified by [0015](/rfc/0015)** 

*Proposed: 2019* | *Accepted: 2019* | *Last Modification: 11. Mar. 2020*

## Summary

This RFC proposes a specific set of expectations, an interface, of a all microservices displayed in the UI.

## Motivation

As we have a singular UI system, which is based on a set of dynamically rendered pages, it is important that all microservices have a standardized set of endpoints.
If a service returns something else than expected we will experience bugs in production. Furthermore, it is important that the services can be requested from the in-use system. 

This RFC will propose a system, that is based on a singe-page-application, which utilizes front-end requests while still simplifying and abstracting different aspects, making it more modular and extendible. The primary motivation, is making each individual service abstract in way where no HTML will needed to be written pr services, while standardizing the design.

The following interface is based on discussion and the current prototype-version, with some additions.

## Details

A given micro service has to abide by two simple rules.

1. All microservices have to abide by the rules of the version that it promises.
2. All endpoints have to have CORS enabled

Important to know is that if you expose `/info`, but not `/fields`, you might cause the UI to throw exceptions in production. *DONT* do it.
A REST API for the database, for instance, can exist, but it *may not* expose the `/info` endpoint, as the UI will query the service, but fail on other endpoints.
If you want to have an endpoint called `/info` then at least do not return a valid version number. 

### Structure

Endpoints will be presented with the following syntax:
```text
    {request type} {endpoint}
    input: {sent data if any}
    output: {return data}
```
where data is shown as an abstraction of the data-structure.
Furthermore, an example will be supplied.

If the wrong input is sent, a status code `400` should be returned.

#### Versions

Current versions are supported, and should continuously be supported by the UI. New versions can be added later by creating a new RFC with the relevant changes

- `2018`: only used for backward capabilities for previous semesters
- `2019`: the original version of the new protocol, as discussed at the original steering comitee meeting
- `19w08`: an extended version of `2019`, supporting both user and developer mode in the form.
- `y19w20`: implemented the readme endpoint, which is now required.

All versions expect both `/fields` and `/render`, which will be introduced later.

Future versions should use the pattern `{year}w{week_number}` and if additional versions are released in the same week, then add a singular letter for each version, e.g. `19w20` followed by `19w20a`, `19w20b`, etc. 

### Endpoints

These endpoints are required to be exposed.

#### Info

The UI requires the name of the service, what version of the interface is utilized (to create backward and forward capabilities), and a category to index these correctly in the navbar.
It is quite important that a given microservice does not return a version number which is not actually enforced, as the UI will render data from the service incorrectly. 
If the info-endpoint is not created, the service fetcher will simply ignore the service, making it possible for non-UI relevant microservices to run on the production cluster without interfering with the UI.

interface:
```json
GET /info
return: {
  "name": string,
  "version": string,
  "category": number
}
```
The value of `category` has to be in `[-1,0,1,2]` where they represent "Other", "Path Analytics", "Trajectory Analytics", "Time-Series Analytics", respectively.

`version` has to be in the set of accepted version (see versioning).

Example:
```json
{
  "name": "My Routing Tool",
  "version": "2019",
  "category": 0
}
```

### Readme
*required from version `y19w20`*

This is returned on the index page of a given project, and upon pressing the `documentation` button.

Interface:
```json
GET /readme
return: {
  "chart_type": string,
  "content": <aditional data as expected by the specific chart type - see chart types>
}
```
Example:
```json
{
  "chart_type": "markdown",
  "content": "### This is my readme file!"
}
```


#### Fields

This endpoint is used to generate the form area.
The fields supplied here should reflect the values expected at the `render` endpoint.

Depending on the version returned at the `info` endpoint, differences will be expected

these will return lists of `Field`, which has the following structure:

```json
interface Field {
  "type": string,
  "name": string,
  "label": string,
  "options"?: [ { name: string, value: string } ],
  "default": string
}
```

##### Allowed field types


This is the exhaustive list of field types.
The values mean the following, and map to their HTML counterparts:
* `name` is the name of the fields and will be used as key when sending data to `/render`  
* `label` is the text just above the field in the form  
* `options` is optional, but required when type is "select".  
* `default` is the default value set in the field or the default option chosen for type "select".
* `placeholder` is the default value set in the field or the default option chosen for type "select".
* `fields` is a list of subfields (so it"s recursive)

The following list is examples, but should be deducible:

###### Input
Single line text input

```json
{
  "name": "variable_name",
  "label": "My Label",
  "default": "hello world",
  "placeholder": "Input some text",
  "type": "input"
  
}
```
Optional: `default`, `placeholder`

###### File
File upload field

```json
{
  "name": "variable_name",
  "label": "My Label",
  "placeholder": "Input some text",
  "type": "file"
}
```
Optional: `placeholder`


###### Checkbox
A boolean checkbox field.

```json
{
  "name": "variable_name",
  "label": "My Label",  
  "default": "true", 
  "placeholder": "Input some text",
  "type": "checkbox"
}
```
Optional: `default`, `placeholder`
###### Numeric
Numerical input value.

```json
{
  "name": "variable_name",
  "label": "My Label",
  "default": 1234,
  "placeholder": "Input some text",
  "type": "input-number"
}
```
optional: `default`, `placeholder`

###### Select Field
Select dropdown field.

```json
{
  "name": "variable_name",
  "label": "My Label",
  "default": "encoder_decoder",
  "type": "select",
  "options": [ 
    {
      "name": "Encoder Decoder",
      "value": "encoder_decoder"
    },
    {

      "name": "CNN",
      "value": "cnn"
    } 
  ]
}
```
optional: `default`

###### Select Field (with sub elements)

Select dropdown field.
Depending on the selected value different fields are shown.

```json
{
  "name": "variable_name",
  "label": "My Label",
  "default": "encoder_decoder",
  "type": "formset-select",
  "options": [ 
    {
      "name": "Encoder Decoder",
      "value": "encoder_decoder",
      "fields": []
    },
    {
      "name": "CNN",
      "value": "cnn",
      "fields": [
        {
          "name": "variable_name",
          "label": "My Label",
          "default": 1234,
          "placeholder": "Input some text",
          "type": "input-number"
          
        }
      ]
    } 
  ]
}
```
Optional: `default`
###### Button

??? 

##### Version `2018` & `2019`
*deprecated*
interface:
```text
GET /fields
return: [Field]
```
example:
```text
GET /fields
return: [
    {
        "name": "model_name", 
        "label": "Name of Model", 
        "type": "select", 
        "options": [
            {"name": "My Cool Model", "value": "cool_model"}, 
            {"name": "Ugly Model", "value": "ugly_model"}
        ]
    },
    {
        "name": "data_size", 
        "label": "Size of test badge", 
        "type": "num", 
    }
]
```
##### Version `19w08`

interface:
```text
GET /fields
return: {
    "user_fields": Field[],
    "developer_fields": Field[],
}
```
example:
```text
GET /fields
return: {
    "user_fields": [
        {
            "name": "model_name", 
            "label": "Name of Model", 
            "type": "select", 
            "options": [
                {"name": "My Cool Model", "value": "cool_model"}, 
                {"name": "Ugly Model", "value": "ugly_model"}
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "data_size", 
            "label": "Size of test badge", 
            "type": "num", 
        }
    ],
    "developer_fields": []
}
```

#### Render

The endpoint used to render a specific chart, be it a topological map, a linechart or something else.

It **must** allow POST requests. It may optionally support GET requests.

The input required here depends on the fields expressed through the `field` endpoint, as the fields generate a form that sends a request to this endpoint.

**Important note**: the input is form data(on the form `key1=value1&key2=value2`), which is what the UI will send.

Interface:
```json
POST /render
input: list of fields as formdata
return: {
  "chart_type": string,
  "content": <aditional data as expected by the specific chart type - see chart types>
}
```
Example:
```json
POST /render
input: "model_name=cool_model&data_size=5"
return: {
  "chart_type": "text",
  "content": "this is a data dump of your cool model."
}
```
### CORS

As a single page application version of the UI is currently being created, resulting in the fact that all services will be called from the browser, CORS **MUST** be implemented on each service. If it is not, most (probably all) browsers will disallow the webpage from making requests to a given microservice.
This is because the UI and each microservice are not from the same origin, most browsers will disallow requests from the browser to the microservices unless headers on the microservice explicitly allows it.
See [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) for more info why and how to implement this.
[Enable CORS](https://enable-cors.org/server.html) has a list of libraries for many different languages that can help implement CORS.
An example is the RFC microservice that uses `flask` and `flask-cors` installed via pip.

## Alternatives

Other endpoints should obviously be considered - this is a very narrow a rigid system, and only makes sense if it can work for every group. New versions can obviously further improve the structure, but probably only to some extend. An alternative could also be to simply have no requirements, and use the old system, however that seems ill-advised.
