---
title: RFC 0007
description: Single Page Application
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:10.944Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# 0007 - Single Page Application
**Accepted** 

*Proposed: 2019* | *Accepted: 2019* | *Last Modification: 04. Mar. 2020*

## Summary

This RFC proposes to create a single page application (SPA) as the user interface for aSTEP.

## Motivation

The current user interface is a server side application written in PHP, where every page load is sent to the server that then returns a whole new HTML document to render in the browser.
An SPA would only fetch the HTML on the first load of the website, and subsequently the only requests sent, will be for the purpose of fetching data from microservices.

### Pros

- Single page load
- Combines all JavaScript into one package

### Cons

- All microservices must implement CORS

## Details

An SPA is created that expects the same endpoints and the same data as explained in RFC0004, *Interface of Microservices*.
The framework chosen to implement the SPA is Angular(current version 7.3), which is written in TypeScript.

The details of how the different parts of the SPA should work will now be described in further detail.

### List of projects

The list of available micro services in production can be requested from the ServiceFetcher micro service.
This list is then rendered in the SPA, grouped by category, showing each project available in production.
When a project is clicked, the route changes and the project is shown.

### Project

#### Project info

A dynamic page is created on the route  `/project/:project`, where `:project` is the URL to a given microservice. Based on the data returned from the microservice, the page generates a list of fields, project title, as well as the chart view.
If a project URL is inputted that is not already loaded through the list of projects, a new GET request is made to fetch only that projects `/info` endpoint.
Another use-case is any other service that implements the micro service interface from RFC0004.

This also allows for testing of your microservice when developing locally, as all requests are made from the browser, giving access to e.g. localhost or any other local address where you might run your microservice.

#### Project fields and render

The list of fields is updated every time a new project is chosen, making a GET request to the micro service's `/fields` endpoint.
When that request is finished, a new POST request is made to the micro service's `/render` endpoint with the default values from the fields.
The user can then change their input through the fields and click the "Generate" button at the bottom of the fields panel, to a send a new POST request to the micro service's `/render` endpoint with the values from the fields as `formdata`.

### File uploads

If one of the fields returned from the microservice is of type `file`, a file input will be generated.
The file is sent along with the other formdata for the other fields when generate is clicked.
The field returned with type file should look like this

```json
{
  "type": "file",
  "name": "data",
  "label": "Upload file"
}
```

When generate is clicked, the file will be sent to the microservice in the `data` property along with the other form fields' values.

Using Flask, the file can be retrieved like this

```python
if 'data' in request.files and request.files['data']:
  file = request.files['data']
```

Something similar should be possible in other languages.

### Same-Origin Policy

Because an SPA runs in the browser, the [same-origin policy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy) is in effect, disallowing any request to origins other than the UI's origin.
This is mitigated by implementing CORS on all microservices to tell the browser that it is okay to request data from a microservice's origin despite the UI's origin.

## Alternatives

As for alternatives, other front-end frameworks like React or Vue could be used.

Here are the top 3 reasons Angular was chosen:

1. It is written in TypeScript, the type-safe version of JavaScript.
2. It uses and encourages the use of RxJS, the JavaScript implementation of the very powerful ReactiveX library, making asynchronous events and requests to microservices easy to handle.
3. Third party libraries without typing can only be used like normal JavaScript, which we would have had to do anyway, if we had opted to not use TypeScript.