---
title: RFC 0009
description: Kubernetes
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:13.309Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# 0009 - Kubernetes
**Accepted** 

*Proposed: 2019* | *Accepted: 2019* | *Last Modification: 04. Mar. 2020*

## Summary

We propose the use of Kubernetes for container orchestration in the aSTEP 2019 project.

## Motivation

GitLab provides a free integration with Kubernetes for CI/CD, along with an Auto DevOps script which enables us to quickly get up and running with the containerized applications we develop. We could use Ingres and Helm to manage networking and Kubernetes applications.
The integration makes it possible to review applications as they are developed on separate branches, in real-time.
It makes it possible to configure certain aspects of all microservices in a centralized location, such as hosting, networking, certificates, logging and monitoring.
While the Auto DevOps script would have to be set up for each application, the Kubernetes cluster only needs to be set up once for the aSTEP group itself.

## Details

ITS provides virtual machines which are used to run Kubernetes. A single master node, and two slaves. GitLab and the GitLab runner are also hosted on such machines.
Direct interaction with the machines is typically only necessary for maintenance or debugging.

The Auto DevOps template made available by GitLab needs slight modification, but works largely unchanged.

The procedure for enabling orchestration for new project is as follows:

### Code Changes
1. A `Dockerfile` must be at the root of your project, and it needs to run a service on port 5000.
1. Use the Auto DevOps template - `.gitlab-ci.yml`:
    - For any steps using the `docker-dind` image, you need to allow the private registry, by adding `command: ["--insecure-registry=$CI_REGISTRY"]` to `services`. (Check out the `build` step in the RFCs repository for an example of this.)
    - It is recommended to disable postgres by adding `POSTGRES_ENABLED: "false"`.
    - The different build steps may require modification, depending on the stack in use. We refer you to the [Github DevOps docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/topics/autodevops/) for further information.

### GitLab Project Settings Changes (Settings -> CI/CD)
1. Enable project Container Registry.
1. Disable shared runners and enable the group runner named `Astep runner 01`.

## Alternatives

There are no alternatives which can integrate with GitLab currently. However, there are other container orchestrators.

1. Docker Swarm - https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/
2. Apache Marathon - https://mesosphere.github.io/marathon/
3. Nomad - https://www.nomadproject.io/
4. Kontena - https://www.kontena.io/
5. ... The list is not exhaustive.

These alternatives would require a significant amount of work on our behalf, in order to be integrated into GitLab as well as Kubernetes is.