---
title: RFC 0011
description: Authentication Service
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:15.295Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# 0011 - Authentication Service
**Accepted** 

*Proposed: 2019* | *Accepted: 2019* | *Last Modification: 04. Mar. 2020*

## Summary

A service to manage permissions for users.
The service allows microservices to ask this service if a given access token has a certain set of permissions.

## Motivation

This service was created to allow the groups to restrict access to the their service and database resources.

## Details

### The service

The service is set up using Laravel and Laravel Password.
The setup provides an OAuth2 Server that is based on access tokens.

The service is available on http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/.
Visit [http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/register](http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/register) to register a new account with your own email and password.
The email is restricted to emails from aau.dk.

### Managing permissions

To manage permissions for your project, the following steps should be followed

#### Creating an access token for your project

1. Go to the CI settings for your project on GitLab and create a new environment variable `K8S_SECRET_AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN`. The value is obtained in the next step.
2. Visit [http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/register](http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/register) and create a new user for the group.
You can use your group mail alias.
3. On the homepage create a new personal access token for the group user.
Give it a meaningful name, like the name of your project.
4. When you click "Create", an access token is presented.
Copy and paste this as the value of the environment variable in from step 1.
5. When your service is running you can access the access token from the environment using `AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN`.
Please note that the variable cannot be masked.
Here is an example in Python:

    ```python
    from os import environ

    # get the token
    access_token = environ.get('AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN')
    ```

The access token gives access to everything for the logged in user on the authentication service.
**DO NOT** check the token into git.
Keep it in the environment variables on GitLab.

#### Creating a project with permissions

When you have created a personal access token, you can create a project and permission for this project using the following instructions:

1. Visit the projects page [http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/project](http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/project) where you can create a project for your service.  
Please include the year at the end of the name.
2. When created you can create permissions
3. When you have created a permission you can view the permission and give users permission by submitting their email and clicking "Add".

#### Checking that a user has permission

When your service receives a request from the UI both for the `/fields` and `/render` endpoint, an `Authorization` header is included.
This header includes the access_token from the user requesting access to your service.
**DO NOT** store this token in your service.

If you want to restrict access, please make a request to the authentication service both to validate the token and to validate that the user has permission.

The endpoint is http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/api/validate_token and requires authentication.
When making the request, include an `Authorization` header with the following content: `'Bearer AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN'`

The content of the request should be JSON with the following format

```json
{
  "token": "access token from the user",
  "checks": [{
    "project": "my-project-slug-2019",
    "permissions":[
      "my-permission-id"
    ]
  }]
}
```

The endpoint then returns a code 200 with the following JSON object if the token is valid, the projects belong to the service, and the permissions belong to the project.

```json
{
    "token_valid": true,
    "permissions": {
        "my-project-slug-2019": {
            "my-permission-id": true
        }
    }
}
```

If one of these conditions are not met, a code 422 is returned with the errors. For example, if the access token is not valid, the following response is given

```json
{
    "message": "The given data was invalid.",
    "errors": {
        "token": [
            "The access token is not valid."
        ]
    }
}
```

## Example

Here is an example of how to make the request in python

```python
def check_auth():
    # Reject all requests without access token
    if not request.headers.get('Authorization'):
        return False

    # make the request object
    check = {
        "token": request.headers.get('Authorization').split()[1],
        "checks": [{
            "project": "my-project-slug-2019",
            "permissions":[
                "my-permission-id"
            ]
        }]
    }

    # get our own service access token from the environment
    headers = {
      "Authorization": "Bearer " + environ.get("AUTH_ACCESS_TOKEN"), 
      "accept": "application/json"
    }

    # make the request
    resp = requests.post(
      url="http://astep-2019-auth.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/api/validate_token",
      json=check,
      headers=headers
    ).json()

    # if the response has errors deny access
    if 'errors' in resp:
        return False

    # return if the user has the permission we want
    if 'token_valid' in resp:
        return resp['permissions']['my-project-slug-2019']['my-permission-id']

def auth_denied():
    return jsonify({"error": "Unauthenticated"}), 401
```

Now check if the user has access in your `/fields` or `/render` endpoints

```python
if not check_auth():
    return auth_denied()
```

## Alternatives

- HTTP Basic Auth
- ASP.NET Core
- Maybe Node + JWT