---
title: RFC 0018
description: Updating HELM and Kubernetes
published: true
date: 2021-08-31T10:11:37.526Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# 0018 - Update HELM
**Accepted**

*Proposed: 22. Aug. 2021* | *state: 22. Aug. 2021* | *Last Modification: 22. Aug. 2021*

## Summary

Update HELM to newest V2 version. 
New credentials were generated to Kubernetes and the service fetcher.


## Motivation

Services are shutting down and/or throwing error messages because of Helm V2 is deprecated.
To ensure that the platform would work for the 2021 semester, Helm needs to be updated. 

## Details

HELM is part of Kubernetes and is installed on the master node in the Kubernetes cluster.
Some services won't compile because of HELMs outdated charts. Eventhough a stable chart-repository were added, it still caused some trouble. 

An update to 2.17.0 (the latest of V2 at this point) would fix these errors, although it might not be a futureproof solution.

> HELM was updated to version 2.17.0 
{.is-success}

> The Gitlab-ci.yml file have been updated to accomodate the new changes in HELM V2.17.0.
> All services now need to have this file in order to be compiled and run correctly.
> A link to the 01-09-2021 file from the templateservice: [gitlab-ci.yml](https://daisy-git.cs.aau.dk/astep-2020-fall/TemplateService/-/blob/master/.gitlab-ci.yml)
{.is-info}


The Service fetcher wouldn't run after the update, since the credentials to kubernetes have been updated.
To fix this, the new credentials found in `/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf` on the master node, were copied and pasted to the service fetcher variables <kbd>K8S_SECRET_KUBE_CERT_AUTH</kbd>, <kbd>K8S_SECRET_KUBE_CLIENT_CERT</kbd>, <kbd>K8S_SECRET_KUBE_CLIENT_KEY</kbd> on its Gitlab page: https://daisy-git.cs.aau.dk/astep-2020/servicefetcher/-/settings/ci_cd

Then recompiling the servicefetcher and everything works like a charm.

The best solution would have been to update HELM to V3. If Helm should be updated to V3 Tiller would no longer be included and would need to be included manually. We don't know if Tiller is needed, or what it takes to install it manually.
>Updating Helm to V3 is left to a future semester.
{.is-warning}

