---
title: RFC 0019
description: Cooperation
published: true
date: 2021-12-06T09:18:06.224Z
tags: cooperation, scrum, organization, scrum master, sprint, roles
editor: markdown
---

# 0019 - Cooperation
**Pending** 

*Proposed: 23. Sep. 2021* | *state: 29. Sep. 2029* | *Last Modification: 29. Sep. 2021*

## Summary

An overview of all the agreements between the groups working on aSTEP.
This should reflect the current working environment of the current groups working on aSTEP, and should be changed as necessary after each comitee meeting.
The current working group is aSTEP 2021.

## Motivation

It is necessary to have a reference to all the agreements being done between the different groups, and also as a reference for future developers to get inspiration on how aSTEP was organized from the previous semester.

This RFC should be changed frequently to accomodate how the current students are working on aSTEP.

## Details

This RFC will cover anything regarding to how the different groups will cooperate, being subdivided into these topics:
- [Commitee Meetings](#commitee-meetings)
- [Communication](#communication)
- [Roles](#roles)
- [Sprints](#sprints)

It is expected that all other [RFC](https://wiki.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/en/rfc)s are upheld such as to further develop aSTEP.

### Commitee Meetings
A commitee meeting is where any and all changes to RFC's can happen. It is also the weekly meeting, where all groups coordinate work to be done to improve aSTEP as a whole. It is expected all Scrum Masters (see [Roles](#roles)) will attend, although everyone is welcome.

A [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/pp5iJXGi/astep) is used to coordinate all the work needed to be done in a given Sprint (see [Sprints](#sprints)).
The columns of the Trello board, and their usecase, is described after the commitee meeting work flow.

It is the primary contact persons responsibility to make any coordination needed to uphold the weekly commitee meetings.

The comitee meetings follow this current flow
- The commitee meeting will be held on each thursday from 9-10 in room 0.2.90 (0.2.13 on the 9. and 16. of december, 2021)
- Before the commitee meeting, at 8:30, there will be held a standup meeting for all developers in the kitchen area of Novi 8, where we have our group rooms. This should take at max 15 minutes. Going through a "Walk the Board", all scrum masters should say what their team does, is going to do, and have trouble with, in regards to the concrete tasks they are working on.
- The commitee meeting can then be cancelled, if each and every scrum master agrees there is no reason to have a formal meeting.
- If not cancelled, the commitee meeting will then start on time, and anyone late cannot be expected to get a refresher of what has happened until then.
- The primary contact person will start the meeting, and an appointment of a referent is needed (who is not a Scrum Master or, ideally, not the primary contact person)
- Then all proposals in the Suggestions / Needs column of the [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/pp5iJXGi/astep) will be either put into the backlog or discarded.
- The voting process is so that each present Scrum Master has a single vote, representing his whole group. There will only be made a vote, as to discarding the proposal. All other unused votes will be regarded as supporting the proposal. If at least 50% of all votes support the proposal, it is put into the backlog, if not, it is discarded with a reason of why it is discarded.
- SPECIAL CASE: If all Scrum Masters of a given super group (Time Series or Transportation) wants to discard a proposal, and at least 2 scrum masters from the given super group are present, they can specifically choose to veto it as a way to mitigate a single group having all the say.
- The remaining time will be used for matters regarding the current iteration of the [Sprint](#sprints).
- After the meeting, the primary contact person will take a picture of the [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/pp5iJXGi/astep) and upload it to Discord (see [Communication](#communication) ) and will go through each item in the backlog, and attach or create a link to the place where the proposal will be expected to be documented (or revise documentation) after its implementation.

The [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/pp5iJXGi/astep) used for the meetings have the following columns:
- Suggestions / Needs
All work which will be done on aSTEP must first be made as a proposed working item.
Anyone can write their suggestion, as long as it follows this template:
--The card is in english and written at least 24 hours before the next commitee meeting
--The card must describe what is suggested or needed
--The cards description should answer: Who made the card? and why is it needed?
--The card should have a label attached, as to which [Role](#roles) is responsible for implementing the proposal.
- Discards
The discard is the collection of discarded items. It is kept as a history of all suggestions.
Only the Scrum Masters at the commitee meeting can discard items (as previously described)
- Backlog
The backlog holds all the items which together form what is going to be implemented on aSTEP.
Only the Scrum Masters at the commitee meetings can accept items (as previously described)
- Sprint
The Sprint column holds all the items which is going to start development in the current [sprint](#sprints).
Each Scrum Master, or a group of Scrum Masters for especially large items, will choose one or more items on the backlog, attach themselves to it, and drag it to the Sprint column during the Sprint Planning meeting (see [Sprints](#sprints)
- Implementing / Testing
The Implementing / Testing column holds all items which is currently being implemented and tested by the assigned Scrum Master(s) group(s). It is open as to whether automatic testing will be done before, during or after the implementation, but testing should be done.
- Documenting
After the item has been implemented and all tests pass, the item should be documented by the group which implemented and tested the item.
This documentation should happen in the given wiki link, which is attached to the item card.
- Reviewing
After documenting, a new group (which did not implement, test and document the item) should review the item. This review should be done purely through the use of the given documentation and source code. 
*Communication with the original group is banned*, as to simulate a proper black box testing.
An item can be accepted in a review if it follows the [RFC standards](https://wiki.astep-dev.cs.aau.dk/en/rfc) which applies for aSTEP, and is working software.
If an item cannot be accepted, the item should be moved back to a previous column, with a description as to why it could not be accepted for review. A meeting with the group as to why it was rejected, is a good first move, so as to clear any misunderstandings.
- Releasing
Items which have gone through review and are accepted, are in this column. Items in this column are solely up to the Maintainer (see [Roles](#roles) ) of the repository, as to when it will be pushed to master.
This should happen in coordination with all Maintainers, so as to make sure any problems with the servers can be pinpointed to exactly which repository created the error.
- Done
These are released items. These should only be moved back to the Implementing / Testing column, if it is experienced they have a bug which should be fixed.

### Communication

The chosen communication platform is Discord, and it is organized in the following way:
- The contact persons should create the discord and invite everyone.
- The discord should have the ability to choose [Roles](#roles)
- The discord should have a public read-only category for each [Role](#roles), where the given [Role](#roles) have write priviliges in all associated channels.
- Each channel should have a #summary text channel
- The general category should have an #update text channel for each [Role](#roles).

### Roles

During the development of aSTEP, there are different roles which a person can undertake. A person will typically have 1 or 2 roles, which can change during the course of the semester, but should only change between [Sprints](#sprints)

The current roles in aSTEP are:
- Contact Person
- Time Series
- Transportation
- Scrum Master
- Maintainer
- UI

#### Contact Person
A Contact Person is a person with responsibility for the whole of aSTEP.
There are currently 3 contact persons, 1 primary and 2 product contact persons.

The primary contact person is the admin of the servers, wiki and everything related to aSTEP, and is the one who can grant elevated access to these services.
The primary contact person should be the one with primary contact to Bin Yang.

The product contact persons are the product owners of the development of any Time Series and Transporation microservices respectively.
They are responsible for ordering the backlog, and securing that there are enough items in the backlog for the Scrum Masters to work on.

Contact persons should be present at commitee meetings, but won't have any vote (unless they are Scrum Masters in their respective groups)

#### Time Series
A Time Series role signify that the person works in the Time Series super group.

Each person should either have a Time Series or Transportation Role.

There are no special responsibilities with this role, other than it being the primary working group.

#### Transportation
A Transportation role signify that the person works in the Transportation super group.

Each person should either have a Time Series or Transportation Role.

There are no special responsibilities with this role, other than it being the primary working group.

#### Scrum Master
A Scrum Master role signify that the person should uphold the Scrum practice inside the team, and handle any external communication, such as commitee meetings and super group meetings.

Each group should have *only one* Scrum Master in any given sprint.

The Scrum Master is responsible for the overarching work on all the working items in the [Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/pp5iJXGi/astep), and responsible for checking up on all members of the group that they adhere to the agreements made in this RFC.

#### Maintainer
The Maintainer role (also called Server role) is responsible for maintaining the servers and gets the "Maintainer" role on GitLab, which controlls the pushing of code to production.

Each group should have *at least one* Maintainer in any given sprint.

The Maintainers should coordinate between them how code should be pushed to production, such as to reduce the risk of unsolveable server breakdowns, and are responsible for any problems which might arise as server issues.

#### UI
The UI role is responsible for maintaining the user interface of their own groups microservice, so it follows the RFC standards.

Each group should have *at least one* UI Role in any given sprint.

The UI persons should coordinate between them, such that new or reworked UI components are reusable between microservices, following a standardized interface.

### Sprints

The workflow of aSTEP is split into sprints of exactly 3 week length.

Any given sprint cycle follows this workflow.
- On the first commitee meeting, after walk the board and voting suggestions, a Sprint Planning meeting is held.
- During this meeting, the Scrum Masters will pull the most valuable work from the backlog, and assign themselves to it and put it in the Sprint column.
- The next week, during the second comitee meeting, a follow up meeting is held, where people can talk more freely as to what problems they have, how they advance, and ask for needed help.
- The week after, during the third comitee meeting, a Sprint Review is held, where the different groups present what they have done during the sprint. Focus on what has been done, not what has "not" been done!!!
- The week between the Sprint Review and the next Sprint Planning is expected to be a prolonged Sprint Retrospective, where the groups can document what they have done in their respective reports, analyze what went good and bad internally and between groups, and be used as the basis to create suggestions for the new sprint.

## Alternatives

Many other ways of cooperation could be chosen, rather than this, such as:
- Anarchy
Reject this RFC and hold no formal commitee meetings and believe that people will make the best product when totally free
- (Mild) Totalitarianism
Restructure this RFC such that the contact persons gets full say in what should be developed, but leave the "how" up to each scrum group.
- Oligarchy
Restructure this RFC, such as a group gets to be "the primary scrum group", which makes all the choices and give the work to each group.
- Technocracy
Restructure this RFC, such that each role get full dominion as to what will happen in their domain (Maintainers can change the servers without the intereference of the Scrum Masters, etc.)
- Extreme Democracy
Everyone who shows up on commitee meetings get a vote
- etc.
