---
title: 2020 Committee Meeting 2
description: A Summary of the 2nd Committee Meeting for SW6F20
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:27.170Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee Meeting 2
*Wednesday, 19-02-2020 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: 0.2.90*

## Attendance
 **Bin Yang** - Not present.  
 **Group 1** - Sean Harbo & Emil Voldby  
 **Group 2** - Samuel Andersen  
 **Group 3** - Milton Lindof & Rasmus Lindholt  
 **Group 4** - Mathias Jørgensen  
 **Group 5** - Christoffer Hansen  
 **Group 6** - Sebastian Hyberts & Simon Andersen  


**Moderator**: Sean Harbo  
**Referent**: Emil Voldby

## Sprint 1
- **Goals:**
   -   Check aSTEP 2019 and see which parts can be reused, which parts need to be redesigned, and which parts are totally new. 
   -   Agree on initial design for UI and documentation.                                                                        
   -   Routing: Do task 1                                                                                                      
 - **Ends**: 02-03-2020
 - **Duration**: ~18 days from 13-02-2020 (3 weeks)
 - **Meetings**:
	- Wednesday, 19-02-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90
	- Wednesday, 26-02-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90


## Appoint moderator. Permanent or one-time?
- Sean Kristian Remond Harbo has been made the permanent moderator.

## Appoint referent. Permanent or one-time?
- Emil Palmelund Voldby has been made the permanent referent.

## Any new expectations for each other?
- We will continue to use RFC’s to document the system.
    - The default of the list should be made to be “show”

## With “routing” having to start with Task 1 and “time series” having received requirements, what are some more concrete sprint goals?
**Routing:**
- Routing needs to finish task 1 by the end of the sprint.
- To do this, the following tasks need to be finished:
   - Fit GPS trajectories to a map
   - Draw routes
   - Show velocity at specific points for a specific route
   - Make histogram of velocities of road segments.
- Progress could be monitored by common read-me files

**Time-series:**
- Data has been received, but nothing concrete has yet to be decided inside the supergroup as of this meeting. 
-	Nothing cross-group has been decided. Each does know what they overall wish to do.

## Which people from each group should have the permission to accept merge requests
**Group 1:** Sean  
**Group 2:** Samuel  
**Group 3:** Rasmus  
**Group 4:** Kristian  
**Group 5:** Lauritz  
**Group 6:** Sebastian  
- We will try to follow the RFC from the last year, where another groups peer-reviews the code that is in the merge request, and when they say “go”, the group that requested the merge can then accept it.
    -   We discussed having “random” peer-review groups, to help with knowledge-sharing, though we ended up deciding to have pair-groups, so that the partner can have a larger understanding of the code.
    -   Testing does not need to be thorough.
-   The server-group has access to everything, including the Kubernetes cluster.

## Do we need a UI group?
-   Group 6 has presented a new UI design, which they will produce an RFC for. This design would be helpful for their desired project, and they have volunteered to take the brunt of the work if the design is approved.

## What are each group currently working with
**Group 1:** 
- Looking at RFC’s and code to get an understanding of how systems such as database.
- UI and other works.
**Group 2:** 
- Made system to extract data from shares market. 
- Talked with supervisor about if the problem is fit for time series. 
- Looked at how to set up small, fast services to use. 
- Problem-specification in short.
**Group 3:** 
- How did generic prediction go last year and how does it fit the current problem. 
- Trying to make local services.
**Group 4:** 
- Getting an overview of the system. 
- Having discussion with supervisor about what to do.
**Group 5:** 
- Looked at code on git, docker, and how to set up the process.
**Group 6:** 
- Talked about user interface. 
- Trying to get their problem accepted. 
- Trying to create a test service.

## How far has each group progressed?
-   No group were really at a point where this point was applicable.

## We need a way to share project status and rules/guidelines.
*As was decided at the first committee meeting, we will track progress through a burn-down chart. We plan to make a chart for each story for each sprint and supplement these with a separate checklist of jobs. We also need a way to share inter-group rules and guidelines (eg. for using GitLab). This could be achieved by creating one or two services for aSTEP for these purposes. Any groups who can make this?*

-   We will agree on milestones during the committee meetings. Each group may have their own internal milestones. Milestones achieved in cooperation between groups are documented in README-files.
-   This topic will likely be revised later, as the project is better understood and refined.
-   It is advised that people create issues in GitLab if these are possible.
    -   Issues should be detailed, not a single line of text.

## Additional topics.
 - Where to place summaries of meetings:
    -   Summaries should be added to aSTEP, along with a new “year” button, for ease of access as well as for future groups.
 - Security of database
    -   The security flaw of GraphQL was presented (Anyone with internet can read data from the aSTEP databases). We decided that we wished to extend the authorization service so that credentials are required to communicate with the Database service. This will likely require changes to the queries of legacy services. An RFC will most likely need to be written for the proposal.
