---
title: 2020 Committee Meeting 1
description: A Summary of the 1st Committee Meeting for SW6F20
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:26.138Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting 1
*Thursday, 13-02-2020 from 11:00 to 12:00. Room: 0.2.90*

## Attendance
 - ~~Bin Yang~~
 - Thomas Højriis Knudsen
 - Sean Kristian Remond Harbo
 - Emil Palmelund Voldby
 - Milton Kristian Lindof

More complete attendance will be tracked at later meetings, but due to attendance numbering around 32 people, individual attendance will not be marked this time.

**Moderator**: Sean Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Voldby


## Appoint moderator. Permanent or one-time?

-   Sean Harbo, <sharbo17@student.aau.dk>
    -   Length of position was not discussed.

## Appoint referent. Permanent or one-time?
-   Emil Voldby, Group 1, <evoldb17@student.aau.dk>
    -   Length of position was not discussed.

## Who are the steering committee representatives?
 - Group 1: 1.206
	* Emil Voldby (<evoldb17@student.aau.dk>)
	* Sean Harbo (<sharbo17@student.aau.dk>)
 - Group 2: 1.206
	* Samuel(<sava17@student.aau.dk>)
 - Group 3: 1.211
	* Milton(<mlindo17@student.aau.dk>)
	* Rasmus(<rlindh17@student.aau.dk>)
 - Group 4: 1.204
	* Mathias(<mjarg17@student.aau.dk>)
 - Group 5: 1.205
	* Christoffer(<ch17@student.aau.dk>)
 - Group 6: 1.207
	* Sebastian(<shyber17@student.aau.dk>)

## Distribution of the tasks for each group. (Tasks from kick-off slides)
-   Tasks will be announced at the next meeting. Supergroups will talk about it before next meeting internally.
-   The routing supergroup have arrived at these temporary distributions:
    -   Group 1: Task 3, with machine-learning routing.
    -   Group 5: Task 2, categorizing data
    -   Group 6: They are talking with Bin Yang about making a new query language for model-checking.
    -   We will start with the GPS data which Bring has already provided.
-   The time series supergroup has arrived at the following:
    -   Group 2: Forecasting with a focus on shares
    -   Group 3: Forecasting bacteria growth
    -   Group 4: Outlier detection with a focus on bacteria

## What do we expect from one another? (Inter-group contract)
-   Announce architecture/large changes before committing these, if they would remove functionality or change access
-   Good testing suite before committing code, so no untested code is pushed
    -   Functionality is finished by one group, and then tested by another to ensure coverage.
        -   Test in separate branch, then pull-request.
-   More will most likely follow.


## Sprint 1
- Check aSTEP 2019 and see which parts can be reused, which parts need to be redesigned, and which parts are totally new. 
- Agree on initial design for UI and documentation.
- **Ends**: 02-03-2020
- **Duration**: ~19 days from 13-02-2020 (3 weeks)
- **Meetings**:
	- Thursday, 13-02-2020, 11:00 to 12:00, Room: 0.2.90
	- Wednesday, 19-02-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90
	- Wednesday, 26-02-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90


## Agree on purpose and goals for Sprint 1.
 - Mentioned Bin Yang’s proposed sprint goals
 - Initial UI design will follow the guide already established by previous semesters
    -   Follow-up when we have a better understanding of aSTEP
 - Goal of sprint will be to get an understanding of all the documentation, and some understanding of the code.
	- Understand what is already in the system compared to what we want to implement.

## How will we measure progress?
 - Use a burn-down chart to track progress.

## How will we structure the report? Will we use the guidelines from Moodle?
-   We will follow the guidelines. Due to desired length of report, we will at most use chapters to avoid small parts.

## Will we use a common report template? Who will provide the template?
-   We will use our own templates

## Who will manage servers? (One with experience/knowledge)
-   If it proves problematic to learn/understand, ask Thomas.
-   Server group:
    -   Sebastian, group 6, <shyber17@student.aau.dk>
    -   Peter K, group 2, <pkjar16@student.aau.dk>
    -   Rasmus, group 3, <rlindh17@student.aau.dk>
    -   Lauritz, group 4, <lbrack17@student.aau.dk>

## Additional topics
-   GitLab Structure
    -   “Read-me”s should be used properly to help understand the code
    -   Repositories should be given good, telling names
-   We should upload our summaries to a single location
    -   Maybe develop some such location or redesign to the current one.
-   Coding style
    -   We should not try to find a coding style, but rather a common API standard, as due to the numerous numbers of languages
    -   Each group could have their own, internal coding style, which is handed to the reviewer,
    -   The reviewer could sit with the group and directly ask them
-   A UI group will be potentially made later, if the documentation proves insufficient.
-   The bit-coin miners will have to ensure that it only uses under 95%

