---
title: 2020 Committee Meeting 3
description: A Summary of the 3rd Committee Meeting for SW6F20
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:29.157Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee Meeting 3
*Wednesday, 26-02-2020 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: 0.2.90*

## Attendance
**Bin Yang** - Present
**Group 1** - Sean Harbo & Emil Voldby
**Group 2** - Mathias 
**Group 3** - Milton Lindof & Rasmus Lindholt
**Group 4** - Kristian Vestermark & Jonas Madsen
**Group 5** - Christoffer Hansen
**Group 6** - Sebastian Hyberts & Felix Petersen

**Moderator**: Sean Harbo
**Referent**: Emil Voldby


## Sprint 1
- **Goals:**
	- Check aSTEP 2019 and see which parts can be reused, which parts need to be redesigned, and which parts are totally new. 
	-   Agree on initial design for UI and documentation.
	-   Routing: Do task 1
 - **Ends**: 02-03-2020
 - **Duration**: ~18 days from 13-02-2020 (3 weeks)
 - **Meetings**:
	- Wednesday, 19-02-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90
	- Wednesday, 26-02-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90

## Sprint 2
- **Goals:**
	- Make a concrete design and implementation
	- When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project)
- **Ends**: 30-03-2020
- **Duration**: ~28 days from 02-03-2020 (4 weeks)
- **Meetings**:
	- Wednesday, 04-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90
	- Wednesday, 11-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90
	- Wednesday, 18-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11
	- Wednesday, 25-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11


## Expectations for cooperation: 
- **Everyone is expected to have read and prepared for the meeting plan before the meeting.**
- **Everyone is expected to answer questions and respond to messages from the contact persons.**
- **Any other new expectations for each other?**

## What have each group discovered and done so far?
**Group 1:**
- Discoveries: Gotten access to both databases, how services work, and how to create new services.
- Doings: Created a test micro-service and designed our part of Task 1.
**Group 2:**
- What technologies to work with (deep learning, with combining two types, and is based on paper)
- Prediction and correlation.
- Writing formalities in report.
**Group 3:**
- Looked at astep, how to Implement services
- Writing report
**Group 4:**
- Looked at how astep works
- Looked at time series data
- Talked with Bin and supervisor about outlier detection
- Bio data deemed not fit for task
**Group 5:**
- Issues with map-matching for task 1
	- Problems with libraries
	- Hacky solution has been found
	- Other solution is using an open source routing system.
	- Maybe not use hidden markov model, and simply use distance instead
	- Lastly, use a different language (Java might be easier).
**Group 6:**
- Working at notebook RFC 0013, and how to do it.
- Doing experiments on open street map.
- Bin asked about how the routing supergroup was solving task 1, which was explained.

## What are the groups currently working with?
**Group 1:**
- Programming the velocity-part of task 1
**Group 2:**
**Group 3:**
**Group 4:**
**Group 5:**
**Group 6:**
 - Meeting with Bin Yang, talking about project and notebook.
 - Ended up with something to do with connectivity with UPPAAL.

## What has each group got left to do for the sprint?
*Routing supergroup(1,5,6)*
**Group 1:** 
- Write report. 
- Finish our dedicated part of task 1, and assist routing with their tasks (Especially map-matching, according to our supervisor)
**Group 2:**
- Designing criteria and what they should work on in the next sprint, to get ready
**Group 3:** 
- Not really any goal other than what was decided at the start of the sprint (regular sprint goals), and how to continue in the next sprint.
**Group 4:**
**Group 5:**
**Group 6:**

***All*** groups are advised to do risk management.

## What parts of aSTEP can we reuse? 
**1:** UI, API, chart-types, databases, RFC.
**3:** Might reuse existing prediction solution
**4:** Can reuse timeline display.

*Everything can be reused.*

## What parts of aSTEP must we redesign? 
-   Summaries, DB-resolver
-   UI, to allow for notebook
-   The RFC service
    -   Show rejected RFC
    -   Make it more obvious what are proposals, and what are documentation
    -   Rename documentation and generation button to be more telling in their labelling.
    -   Update RFC 0003
    -   Time-stamps

## What parts of aSTEP must we build ourselves? 
-   AI-driven Routing micro-service
-   4: New UI for outlier detection
-   Map-matching for task 1 of routing.

## Should we implement the extension to the UI described in RFC 0013?
*Group 6 has created a proposal concerning the new UI mentioned at the last meeting and can be viewed in RFC 13 on GitLab(branch: 0013-interface-proposal) or through the link on the discord.*

-   The proposal was accepted.
    -   Proposed to resize windows depending on mode, so that certain, scrolling services would better be able to handle the change.

## What group want to upgrade the “summaries” service?
*The summaries service needs a “year” selector followed by a single “date” selector, to select a specific summary. If no group has the capacity to do so now, we will postpone this until the next meeting.*

-   Group 6 has already done so, by sorting the summaries by date.
-   Advised to Pandoc for docx to md

#### Additional topics.
-   Need for GPU?:
    -   Lot of groups could use it, but some have their own that could be used.
    -   Bin Yang will make a request for a server GPU.
    -   The university can (very) temporarily loan (part of) a super-computer GPU
        -   At most a few days
        -   everything must be ready for time of loan
        -   Have to apply through Bin Yang.
-   Group 4 wish to create/update an RFC that describes the merge-request process
    -   Properly around 2 minutes to check that the requests work, and if they can be easily broken.
        -   Multiple people checking.