---
title: 2020 Committee Meeting 4
description: The summary for the fourth SW6F20 committee meeting
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:25.104Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee Meeting 4
*Wednesday, 04-03-2020 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: 0.2.90*

## Attendance
**Bing Yang** - Not present  
**Group 1** - Sean Harbo & Emil Voldby  
**Group 2** - Samuel Andersen  
**Group 3** - Milton Lindof & Rasmus Lindholt  
**Group 4** - Kristian Vestermark & Jonas Madsen  
**Group 5** - Christoffer Hansen  
**Group 6** - Sebastian Hyberts  
  
**Moderator**: Sean Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Voldby


## Sprint 2
- **Goals:**
	- Make a concrete design and implementation.
	- When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 30-03-2020
- **Duration:** 28 days from 02-03-2020 (4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 04-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(26 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 11-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(19 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 18-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 25-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(5 days left)**


## In one sentence, what was your group’s outcome for Sprint 1?

-   **Group 1:**
    * Gained an understanding of aSTEP and Database, thus making
    preliminary velocity analysis for task 1.
-   **Group 2:** 
    * What RNN could be interesting to create, and gotten an
    understanding of the theory behind it.
-   **Group 3:** 
    * Gotten an understanding for aSTEP and roughly what they
    should do concerning bacteria data.
-   **Group 4:** 
    * Discovered that they could do outlier detection, just on
    non-bacteria datasets.
-   **Group 5:**
    * Created a map-matching micro-service.
-   **Group 6:**
    * Gotten an understanding of aSTEP.
    * Looked at the UI code to make the notebook interface. 
    * Worked on the route visualizer for task 1.


## If relevant, what were/are the obstacles hindering your progress?

-   **Group 1:** 
    * Charts from aSTEP has no interactivity. 
    * Map-Matching tools are lacking in functionality. 
    * We need a graph representation of the map-matcher’s road network. 
    * Lacking agreement on common goal/solution/vision between routing groups.
-   **Group 2:** 
    * No major problems so far, for sprint 1.
-   **Group 3:** 
    * No major problems.
-   **Group 4:** 
    * Unsure about possibility of outlier detection.
-   **Group 5:** 
    * Lack of time, communication issues.
-   **Group 6:** 
    * Not really sure what they should do.

**Time series:**

-   Planned meeting too early.


## In one sentence, what is your group’s ultimate goal(s) for this sprint?

-   **Group 1:** 
    * Getting task 1 working to support developing routing based
    on historical data, and developing said routing.

-   **Group 2:** 
    * Create JSON standard. 
    * Theory section. 
    * Early implementation.
    * Get data for time series analysis.

-   **Group 3:** 
    * Overall design of system. 
    * Begin implementation. 
    * Look into methods for prediction.

-   **Group 4:** 
    * Standard format.
    * Get data. 
    * Design outlier detection. 
    * Get theory of outlier detection.

-   **Group 5:** 
    * Finish task 1. 
    * Get theory for task 2.

-   **Group 6:** 
    * Finish task 1. 
    * Finish notebook service. 
    * Finalize project outline.

## What are your group’s milestones for this sprint?

-   **Group 1:** 
    * Task 1 done. 
    * Graph representation of road network.
    * Calculate route between two points.

-   **Group 2:** 
    * Write theory for topic. 
    * Get data. 
    * Create implementation for prototype. 
    * Create JSON standard.

-   **Group 3:** 
    * How to input and output data. 
    * Which methods to use for prediction, design.

-   **Group 4:** 
    * Interface. 
    * Theory. 
    * Design.
    * Implementation.

-   **Group 5:** 
    * Task 1 done. 
    * Frameworks for task 2. 
    * Road graph.

-   **Group 6:** 
    * Finish route analysis tool (task 1). 
    * Finish notebook. 
    * Agree with supervisor about project topic.

## What are the current obstacles for achieving the milestones? (Servers, databases, coding, etc.)

-   **Group 1:** 
    * We need a graph representation of the map-matcher’s road network. 
    * Lacking knowledge of routing principles.

-   **Group 2:** 
    * Nothing major yet.

-   **Group 3:** 
    * Nothing major yet.

-   **Group 4:** 
    * Read 10 pages with text size 4 about a topic.

-   **Group 5:** 
    * Nothing major yet. Just need to put in the hours.

-  **Group 6:** 
    * Can not explain to the supervisor what they wish to do. 
    * Hard to develop route analysis tool without data to work with.


## Any idea as to how we can overcome these obstacles?

-   None.


## Do we accept RFC 0014? Who implements UI changes and Documentation service?

-   If accepted, will need additional meetings and proposals to decide
    the details.
    -   DokuWiki mentioned as a possibility.
-   Documentation for both Services, APIs.

**Accepted -** Group 4 will try to implement the RFC.  

-   Might require help from the server group.
-   Group 6 will make it possible to have multiple readme.


## Do we accept RFC 0015? Who will redesign UI and Service Fetcher?

-   Will keep combined as name.

**Accepted -** Group 6 has already begun looking into how to implement it, and will continue to do so.


## Who will be responsible for marking the RFCs’ new states? (accepted/rejected)

-   Those who propose RFCs will also be responsible for keeping them
    updated.


## Additional topics.

-   Possibly outdated certificate for aSTEP.

-   Need to talk with Bin about creating references (citations in
    reports) to aSTEP, with respect to resources hosted on the aSTEP
    services.
