---
title: SW6F20 Committee Meeting 6
description: The summary of the 6th committee meeting on SW6F20
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:40.747Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 6

> Wednesday, 18-03-2020 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee Meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |     X       |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo           |   1   |     X      |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |     X      |
| Samuel Alexander Vall Andersen |   2   |     X      |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |     X      |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |     X      |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |     X      |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |     X      |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |     X      |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |     X      |

**Moderator**: 
Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: 
Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

# Sprint 2

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 30-03-2020
- **Duration:** ~28 days from 02-03-2020 (4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 18-03-2020,  12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days  left)**
  * Wednesday, 25-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(5 days left)**

****

# Meeting plan

## Who will be the moderator? ###

- No one volunteered. Sean stayed as moderator.

## Who will be the referent? ###

- No one volunteered. Emil stayed as referent.

****

## Is the group work coming along from home? Is anything hindering you? ###

- Group 1: Productivity is dropping slightly. 
- Group 2: No problem. Doing scrum with daily stand-ups and plans for each day
- Group 3: No problems, other than getting access to certain scientific journals.
- Group 4: Few issues. Hindered progress in courses due to how exercises are conducted. Loss of productivity due to lack of physical presence, and doing double work due to communication issues.
- Group 5: Trying to get accostumed to the situation due to it being new. Used to talking with eachother in the group room instantly, which is not possible now. Doing daily scrum to keep updated, but not everyone is especially active on communication mediums.
- Group 6: Pair programming has become a lot harder even with screen share. Project organization is the same. Have a lot of very different tasks to do at the time. Issues with unexpected micro-service structures. Done histogram divisions. Trouble with connecting to Map-matching service.

Moderator stressed importance of communicating to ensure that the project goes smoothly.

## Is everybody in good health? Has Corona caught up with any of you? ###

- Group 1: Everyone are fine.
- Group 2: 1 person is sick. Don't know with what yet.
- Group 3: Everyone are fine.
- Group 4: 1 sick group member. Probably not Corona.
- Group 5: Everyone are healthy.
- Group 6: One group member's roommate have gotten sick, and have symptoms of Corona.
____

## What is your group’s progress since last meeting? Any milestones? Has your plans changed? ###

- Group 1: Report writing. 
- Group 2: Worked on theory, chapters on said theory, and how to implement the theory.
- Group 3: Better understanding of MI techniques, chosen technique, overview of system design. Reached all personal milestones.
- Group 4: Finished some research, but more to do. Prototypes of autoencoder. Plans depend on whether quarantine will continue
- Group 5: Issues with micro-service fixed with help from group 1. Report writing.
- Group 6: Working on Task 1-Histogram analysis (weekdays and hours), GUI for 2020V1 with respect to varies input methods, and how to change between these. Issues with original implementation of data transfer.

## Are we behind schedule and with what? ###

- Group 1: Yes. Report writing and get some work done on task 3.
- Group 2: Late in writing theory chapters. 
- Group 3: On schedule
- Group 4: Little behind. Should catch up when more accustomed to new way
- Group 5: A week behind. Graph should be ready this week.
- Group 6: A week behind.

## What are your group’s current obstacles (project, RFCs, thing you need)? ###

- Group 1: Changes due to Corona lockdown. Lecture format with respect to exercises and the lectures themselves. Other parts of task 1.
- Group 2: No problem not already mentioned. Problems with VIT exercises.
- Group 3: Nothing not already mentioned. Scientific papers
- Group 4: The varying quality of the material put out by the different lecture holders, and lack of TAs.
- Group 5: Already mentioned. Communication within the group. 
- Group 6: Nothing not already mentioned.

Bin Yang stressed that participating in the multi-project actively is a part of the study-regulation, and is therefore a requirement of the project.

## How we can overcome these obstacles? How do we catch up with the plan? ###

- 4: Try talking to the lecturers about possible improvements to improve the lectures. Maybe write Bin Yang about which courses and what to improve to organize response.
  - Use the Moodle chat system to communicate with the teachers.
  - Panopto, which was used for pre-recorded lectures, allow watchers to comment specific segments, which the lecturer can then answer publicly.

****

## Would we be fixing the security of the db-resolver? ###

- Per Bin Yang then the university has agreed to a NDA with Bring, which makes fixing the issue a high priority
- Group 4 has volunteered for the job
****

# Additional topics

## Has everyone remembered to follow the report guidelines from Moodle?
  - Groups will take another look
## Notebook status:
  - Attention has shifted to 2020V1, which has to be completed before the notebook interface can be finished.
  - Database for saving private notebooks has been completed.
## Definition of /data and /render
  - All inputs defined in /info has to appear in /fields
  - Input to /data or /render should be the same
## Time series should share what technologies they are using due to overlap of topics. ####
  - Such as autoencoders.

****

# Questions from Bin Yang
  ### Status of supervisor meetings due to no physical meetings: ####
  - Group 1: Meeting over skype
  - Group 2: Meeting over skype
  - Group 3: Meeting over skype
  - Group 4: No meeting yet, nor discussed it with supervisor.
  - Group 5: Haven't had a meeting since
  - Group 6: Haven't had a meeting since

  ### What online platform to communicate over? ####
  - Currently everyone (but one) are on Discord.
  - Should encourage last people to participate rather than transfer to TeamSpeak.
    

### Definition of /data and /render
  - All inputs defined in /info has to appear in /fields
  - Input to /data or /render should be the same
### Time series should share what technologies they are using due to overlap of topics. ####
  - Such as autoencoders.

****

## Questions from Bin Yang
  ### Status of supervisor meetings due to no physical meetings: ####
  - Group 1: Meeting over skype
  - Group 2: Meeting over skype
  - Group 3: Meeting over skype
  - Group 4: No meeting yet, nor discussed it with supervisor.
  - Group 5: Haven't had a meeting since
  - Group 6: Haven't had a meeting since

  ### What online platform to communicate over? ####
  - Currently everyone (but one) are on Discord.
  - Should encourage last people to participate rather than transfer to TeamSpeak.
    