---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 5
description: A summary of the fifth committee meeting for SW6F20
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:24.058Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee Meeting 5
*Wednesday, 11-03-2020 from 12:30 to 13:00. Room: 0.2.90*

## Attendance
**Bin Yang** - Not present.
**Group 1** - Sean Harbo & Emil Voldby
**Group 2** - Samuel Andersen
**Group 3** - Milton Lindof & Rasmus Lindholt
**Group 4** - Kristian Vestermark & Jonas Madsen
**Group 5** - Christoffer Hansen
**Group 6** - Sebastian Hyberts & Simon Andersen

**Moderator**: Sean Harbo
**Referent**: Emil Voldby

## Sprint 2
- **Goals:**
	- Make a concrete design and implementation.
	- When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 30-03-2020
- **Duration:** ~28 days from 02-03-2020 (4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
	- Wednesday, 11-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(19 days left)**
	- Wednesday, 18-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days left)**
	- Wednesday, 25-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(5 days left)**
  
## What is your group’s progress since last meeting? Any milestones? Has your plans changed?
**Group 1:**
- Our part (speed analysis) of task 1 is functional. 
- Done some report writing.
**Group 2:** 
- Gotten understanding of theory and report which they will imitate. 
- Talked with other time series groups about creating time series standard.
**Group 3:** 
- Set standard with time series. 
- Talked about architecture and internal UI design. 
- Looked at MI learning methods
**Group 4:** 
- Information search, gotten a paper that they should imitate, but requires another paper to understand.
**Group 5:** 
- Task 1 almost done, need the last with group 6.
**Group 6: 
- Can connect to services with respect to task 1. 
- Helped group 4 with setting up the Wiki. 
- Worked on the UI (notebook).

## What is the progress on RFC 0014? Any additional comments?
- We should begin moving documentation from aSTEP’s "other"-services into the
    wiki.
- Will need to set up a back-up service for the wiki. 
	- Will need to contact Bin Yang about this.
- Need to embed the wiki on the aSTEP website.
	- Add to top bar, rather than making it a service, to allow linking to the wiki from the entire site.

## What is the progress on RFC 0015? Any additional comments?
- Mixed with notebook implementation
- Still being developed
	- Could be completed by this week if notebook was neglected for that time.

## What are your group’s current obstacles (project as well as RFCs)?

**Group 1:**
- Nothing major.
**Group 2:** 
- Nothing major
**Group 3:**
- Nothing major
**Group 4:** 
- Complex topic with a lot of information
**Group 5:**
- Trouble with pathing
**Group 6:** 
- Issues with chart JS. 
- Issue with current map-geo documentation.

## Are there things (material / information / facilities) your group need in order to progress?
**Group 1:**
- No
**Group 2:** 
- No
**Group 3:** 
- No
**Group 4:**
- No
**Group 5:**
- No
**Group 6:** 
- Need additional blackboards, which cannot be acquired

## Any suggestions as to how we can overcome some of these obstacles?

- Most problems are information-acquisition, which cannot be helped
- Group 1 can help with road-net graph

## Additional topics.
- Do we need to change the referent and moderator?
	- Moderator can easily be changed, if anyone desires it.
	- Issues with Bin Yang having designated Sean as the main contact person.
		- Lot of work creating agenda’s
		-	Sean still needs to do the work
	- Maybe simply having a moderator role which rotates, with agendas being provided by Sean still

