---
title: 2020 Committee Meeting 7
description: The summary of the 7th commitee meeting of 2020
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:41.735Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 7

> Wednesday, 25-03-2020 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee Meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |            |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |       X     |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |     X       |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   | X |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |       X     |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |     X       |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |    X        |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |   X         |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |    X        |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |  X         |
| Felix Cho Petersen              |     6 |        X         |


**Moderator**: 
Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: 
Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 2

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 30-03-2020
- **Duration:** ~28 days from 02-03-2020 (4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 25-03-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(5 days left)**

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 04-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~35 days from 30-03-2020 (5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 01-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(33 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 08-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(26 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 15-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(19 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 22-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 29-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(5 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good health? ###

- Group 1: We believe we're fine.
- Group 2: Person sick last week has recovered. Everyone reported as healthy.
- Group 3: Everyone are healthy.
- Group 4: Everyone are healthy.
- Group 5: Everyone are healthy.
- Group 6: Everyone are healthy.

****

### What is your groupâ€™s progress since last meeting? Any milestones? Has your plans changed? ###

- Group 1: A lot of report writing. Work on task 1 and 3. No changed plans.
- Group 2: Written report. Not focused on getting data. Looked into how to train the AI on the server. Talked with supervisor about focusing on getting something to work. Created RFC-0016.
- Group 3: Written report. Experimented with using MI and prediction. 
- Group 4: Lot of information gathering. Looked at doing some implementation.
- Group 5: Written report. Gotten /data endpoint for map-matching to work. Should be almost finished adding characteristics to the road-network graph. No communication problems within the group anymore.
- Group 6: Finished 2020V1 interface. Added to the UI the ability to print raw results from the /data endpoint as a way of testing services without the use of specialized testing tools (such as Postman, or Curl). Finished aggregate micro-service. Should just need to be hooked up with the other two.

### Is something behind schedule? What are the obstacles?

- Group 1: We need to catch up on report writing. We need to hurry up with routing based on historical data. No obstacles.
- Group 2: Following the schedule. Could have done a better job with the sprint milestones with respect to that.
- Group 3: Following schedule.
- Group 4: Following the schedule, though it is a bit loose. Might need to hurry up a bit.
- Group 5: Probably 5 days behind. Behind on report writing.
- Group 6: A bit behind. Wished to be done with the notebook feature by now.

### How can we overcome these obstacles? How do we catch up with the plan?

- No obstacles were mentioned. With fewer lectures we'll catch up to schedule soon.

****

### Will the time-series groups accept RFC-0016?

- All members of the time series supergroup accepted the RFC.

****

## Additional topics.

### How does the various groups handle point three of the guidelines?

- Some groups have a section in each sprint about collaboration.

### Should the road network graph be documented?
 - In general, we should write a wiki page about the databases we use and their tables.