---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 9
description: The summary for the 9th committee meeting from 2020
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:45.666Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 9

> Wednesday, 08-04 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |      X     |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |      X     |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |      X     |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |      X     |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |      X     |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |      X     |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |      X     |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |      X     |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |      X     |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |      X     |

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 04-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~35 days from 30-03-2020 (5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 08-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(26 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 15-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(19 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 22-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 29-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(5 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good psychological and physical health? Is work coming along fine from home? ###

- Group 1: We're in fine health. Mentally taxing. Work efficiency is mixed between group members, depends on the work.
- Group 2: Everyone are healthy. No work-efficiency problems. A single member had a fever, which has passed.
- Group 3: Work is coming along and everyone are healthy.
- Group 4: Doing good, and getting a lot of work done.
- Group 5: Everyone are healthy. Bit demotivated due to extension of quarantine.
- Group 6: Doing fine. Working better than last week.

****

### What ultimate goal and milestones has Group 6 decided on?

- Have yet to have a meeting with supervisor yet.
- **Goal:** N/A.
  - **Milestone 1:** Creating verifier which can verify the output of services.
  - **Milestone 2:** New query language like UPPAAL.

****

### Our Kubernetes cluster cannot handle (is crashed by) highly demanding processes and AAU has problems delivering a GPU for machine learning use in any near future. Do we have a workaround for this?

- Train AI on local computer, then upload the compacted trained version to aSTEP.
  - Not viable for all groups.
- Distribute the workload or training-processes to computers you set up at home.
  - Do you have static IP addresses so that computers can be found?
- Cloud computing is an option, though it can cost money and might involve data covered by NDA.

**Bin Yang asked who needs a machine to train on:**

- Group 4.

Kubernetes is almost out of resources which could pose a problem for intense processes.
 - Could look into how to evict unimportant pods.
   - Would not fix all issues.
 - Contact ITS for more resources (Ram/storage/discs).
****

### What is your group’s progress since last meeting? Any progress on milestones? Has your plans changed? Are you on schedule? What are your obstacles?

- Group 1: A lot of report writing and research. No milestones. Catching up on report. Behind on coding. We just realized we missed up to 2/3 of the work (design of Task 3) which should have been done during Sprint 2 (Plans have changed, yes). We will have work around any obstacles on the spot.
- Group 2: Got PyTorch to work. Gotten data for model. Looked into how to store model on server. Will have to look into alternatives for training if it is not possible to train on the server. Have hyperparameters auto tune. Development on model. incorporating auto-encoder component. 
- Group 3: Gotten better hyperparameters. implementing UI for aSTEP. Written report. Found out what external data to use for model.
- Group 4: Good progress. Catched up on report. Not reached any milestones. Started testing for machine learning component.
- Group 5: Wrapping up sprint 2 report writing. Made some minor fixes to map-matching service.
- Group 6: Working on defining what they will work on for the sprint. Changed GUI of task 1.

### How can we overcome these obstacles? What measures do we take to catch up with the plan?

- Group 1: Less internal cooperation, but more work done in parallel. Delay peer-review of work until later.
- Group 2: No major obstacles, besides changing design to train locally.
- Group 3: No obstacles to mention.
- Group 4: Few obstacles with respect to machine learning. Was helped by supervisor.
- Group 5: No obstacles.
- Group 6: Nothing other than the meeting thing which was resolved during the meeting.

****

## Additional topics.
 - Anyone who wish to contact ITS?
  - Sean was volunteered since he is the main contact person.
  - Could take down server containing legacy services if we move the vital services somewhere else.
      - Be careful that moving services to another domain does not break old services.
    - Maybe it is time to clean up/organize the server.
      - Server group can look into this at some later point.