---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 8
description: The summary of the 8th committee meeting.
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:44.625Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 8

> Wednesday, 01-04 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee Meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |      X      |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |      X      |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |      X      |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |     X       |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |    X        |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |     X       |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |       X     |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |       X     |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |       X     |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |     X       |

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 04-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~35 days from 30-03-2020 (5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 01-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(33 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 08-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(26 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 15-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(19 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 22-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 29-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(5 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good health? Is work coming along fine from home? ###

- Group 1: It's becoming psychologically challenging to work from home.
- Group 2: Gotten used to working from home, and everyone are healthy.
- Group 3: Everyone are still healthy, and the work is going fine.
- Group 4: All in good health.
- Group 5: Everyone are healthy, but a bit bored. 
- Group 6: Work output has decreased due to the separation. 

#### Comments from Bin Yang:

 - Has the communication problem within group 5 been fixed?
    - Group 5 uses messenger and team speak to communicate internally.

- How often do the groups meet with their supervisor these days?
  - Group 1: Every 1 to 2 weeks. Occasionally sends emails.
  - Group 2: Every Wednesday
  - Group 3: Once a week. Sometimes email between meetings.
  - Group 4: Weekly meetings. Multiple emails throughout the week. Writes on discord sometimes.
  - Group 5: Meet with supervisor every week.
  - Group 6: Had infrequent meetings before lockdown. No meeting with supervisor since lockdown, but have talked though.
****

### In one sentence, what is your group's outcome for Sprint 2? Were all goals achieved? ###

- Group 1: Our part of Task 1 is done. We've begun Task 3. Early implementation of routing and internal road network representation. Milestones are not quite reached, but close.
- Group 2: Didn't get to make sprint review. Need to write additional report about prototyping. Want to do inference/prediction but issue with it. PyTorch. Onyx, webDM.
- Group 3: Designed system, as well as figured out how the machine learning should work.
- Group 4: Created prototype of neural network. Issue with getting it on Kubernetes. Got most milestones done.
- Group 5: Finished Task 1 and created a new graph for the road network.
- Group 6: Finished Task 1 except UI does not fulfill the chart standard because of re-rendering. Could not get notebook finished due to how routing made use of 2020V1's endpoints.

#### Comments from Bin Yang:

 - Group 1: Has the map-matching results problem been fixed?
     - Yes, they have. 
     - Current problems to fix for Task 3 are:
        - Finding a good heuristic for routing with A*.
        - Routing with historical data between two points.
        - Expand routing to be between an arbitrary number of points.
 - Group 2: Why do you wish to use a different platform compared to PyTorch?
    - Problems doing inference with it, but can train.
    - Bin Yang: Ask Razvan about implementation details alongside group 3.
- Group 5: Talk with Sean Bin Yang to get theory on edge-classification/prediction.

### In one sentence, what is your group's ultimate goal(s) for Sprint 3?

- Group 1: Routing based on historical data between multiple points.
- Group 2: Finishing the theory chapters, and finishing implementation. 
- Group 3: To develop parts, if not all, of our service, and add it to aSTEP.
- Group 4: Fix technical problems with Kubernetes, and expand prototype to a more fully-fledged service.
- Group 5: Edge-prediction.
- Group 6: Still deciding, but most likely working on service.

#### Comments from Bin Yang: 

- We can do whatever we want with aSTEP as the review is finished.
  - Group 6 will update the UI to the 2020 version.

### What are your group's milestones for Sprint 3?

- Group 1: 
  - Load road network graph.
  - Load historical data into graph. 
  - Implement algorithm for routing between *two* points using historical data.
  - Implement algorithm for routing between *many* points using historical data.
  - Create interface for Task 3.
- Group 2: 
  - Get PyTorch inference to work.
  - Finish implementation.
  - Finish theory chapters.
- Group 3: 
  - Figure out what external data (e.g. weather) will be relevant for bacteria growth.
  - populate dataset with this external data.
  - Make proper model.
  - Implement service.
- Group 4: 
  - Figure out why Kubernetes won't deploy TensorFlow docker image.
  - Catch up on report.
  - Implement interface agreed on in time series (see [RFC0016](/rfc/0016)).
- Group 5: 
  - Finish sprint 2 report.
  - Design features to predict on (edge prediction).
  - Implementation of edge prediction.
- Group 6:
  - Create definition of what they will be working on this sprint. Milestones not decided yet.
  - Have a meeting about notebook interface

****

### What are your current obstacles?

- Group 1: The isolation is taking a psychological toll on some group members.
- Group 2: Getting inference to work with PyTorch.
  - Hyperparameter tuning with Hyperopt.
- Group 3: No major obstacles.
- Group 4: Kubernetes rejecting TensorFlow Docker image.
- Group 5: No major obstacles.
- Group 6: Nothing not already mentioned.

### How do we overcome these obstacles?
- Already covered earlier.

****

## Additional topics.

### Who will fix the old services, after we patch the security hole of db-resolver?

- Group 1 will do it. Group 4 has volunteered to help if needed.

### Should the routing services use GraphQL?
- So far, the routing groups are not using it to access the database.
- Using GraphQL will not fix any of the problems that emerge from directly accessing the database.
- The routing groups will have a meeting about the topic later.

### What should the collaboration chapter mentioned in the guidelines be?
- It can be a single chapter in the report documenting how collaboration was done between the groups. Details include meetings, conflict solving, and actual work collaboration.
- Another possibility is to have sections in each sprint reporting on the collaboration that occurred in this sprint.
- Finally, it is a guideline and not a list of requirements, so deviation will not result in a lower grade.