---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 10
description: The summary for the 10th committee meeting from 2020
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:46.665Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 10

> Wednesday, 15-04 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |            |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |      X      |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |      X      |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |      X      |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |      X      |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |      X      |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |      X      |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |            |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |     X       |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |     X       |

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 04-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~35 days from 30-03-2020 (5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 15-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(19 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 22-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 29-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(5 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good psychological and physical health? Is work coming along fine from home? ###

- Group 1: Some people are still just bored. We are all in fine physical health.
- Group 2: Everyone are fine, physically, mentally and work-ethically.
- Group 3: Everyone are fine. The work is going on.
- Group 4: Everyone are doing fine. The work is progressing, but the holiday did take some time.
- Group 5: Everyone are doing fine, physically and mentally.
- Group 6: Everyone are fine.

****

### What is your group’s progress since last meeting? Any progress on milestones? Has your plans changed? Are you on schedule? What are your obstacles?

- Group 1: Report writing, research, and implementation. We now have the vast majority of the information needed to complete finish our project and milestones. Almost completed one milestone (implementing a multi-point routing). Plans remain the same. We are mostly on schedule. No major obstacles.
- Group 2: Going well. Found out how to do predictions/inference on all possible input. Added auto-encoder to model. Missing tests, but everything should work. No major obstacles.
- Group 3: Continuing with implementing everything. Found major flaw in dataset, but have fixed it. On schedule. No major obstacles.
- Group 4: Progress limited by holiday, but written report and continued implementation. Issues with model, which will be discussed with supervisor soon.
- Group 5: Decided on design of implementation of task 2 prediction, and begun implementation thereof.
- Group 6: Used most of the holiday on reading about FMU. Changing focus from UPPAAL to statistical modelling.

### How can we overcome these obstacles? What measures do we take to catch up with the plan?

- Group 1: 
- Group 2: 
- Group 3: 
- Group 4: Will talk with supervisor about issue. Can try to ask the other groups to see if any of them have some ideas.
- Group 5: 
- Group 6: 

****

## Additional topics.

### Do your group believe that they will finish their project in time for the hand-in deadline?

 - Group 1: Feels that everything are progressing and that we will finish in time.
 - Group 2: Everything is moving forward on schedule.
 - Group 3: Should finish in time.
 - Group 4: fully expect to finish in time.
 - Group 5: Hope that they will, but fully expect it.
 - Group 6: Expect to finish in time.

### So, aSTEP has a Google Drive.

- Contains documentation from 2017, 2018, and 2019. 
  - Can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B-3gK8jdmmY5MFBlVkQtejZnTGM).