---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 11
description: The summary for the 11th committee meeting of 2020
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:48.626Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 11

> Wednesday, 22-04 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |     X      |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |     X      |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |     X      |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |     X      |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |     X      |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |     X      |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |            |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |     X      |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |     X      |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |     X      |

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 04-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~35 days from 30-03-2020 (5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 22-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.11 **(12 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 29-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(5 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good psychological and physical health? Is work coming along fine from home? ###

- Group 1: Everyone are doing JUST fine.
- Group 2: No problems.
- Group 3: No problems.
- Group 4: No problems.
- Group 5: One person who visited someone who had been infected.
- Group 6: Everyone are fine.

****

### What is your group’s progress since last meeting? Any progress on milestones? Has your plans changed? Are you on schedule? What are your obstacles?

- Group 1: Report writing and implementation. Partly solved 2 of 5 milestones. Plans unchanged and on schedule.
- Group 2: Doing okay. Impl comming along. A bit behind on report writing. Plan has changed due to misunderstanding the model, which needs to be corrected. Potential missing functionality of model.
- Group 3: Found a proper way to find correlation between sets of data. created a training model. Doing implementation and writing report about said implementation.
- Group 4: Report is comming along nicely. Supervisor helped out with implementation (Had too many neurons in the hidden layers). Making good progress.
- Group 5: Finally caught up on report writing. Implementation of models.
- Group 6: Lot of development. Working in two teams, resulting in increased pace. Up to date on report writing. 

### How can we overcome these obstacles? What measures do we take to catch up with the plan?

- *Nothing to talk about.*

****

## Additional topics.

### We only restarted contemporary services and the UI.
 - Requested that the "attribute completion" service is restarted.
    - Was enabled during the meeting.
 - Requested that the chart documentation service is restarted.
    - Was enabled during the meeting.

### Side-note.

  - Was the shortest meeting of the semester, at around 20 minutes.