---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 12
description: The summary for the 12th committee meeting of 2020
published: true
date: 2020-04-29T13:49:41.562Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 12

> Wednesday, 29-04 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |            |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |     X      |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |    X      |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |    X      |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |    X      |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |     X      |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |X      |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |            |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |     X      |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |     X      |

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implementation.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of multi-project).
- **Ends:** 04-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~35 days from 30-03-2020 (5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 29-04-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(5 days left)**

****

## Sprint 4

- **Goals:**
  * Make different tests to justify your design and implementation.
- **Ends:** 22-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~18 days from 04-05-2020 (2.5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 06-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(16 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 13-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(9 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 20-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(2 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good psychological and physical health? Is work coming along fine from home? ###

- Group 1: Everyone are doing fine, physically and mentally. Work is progressing, though a bit bottlenecked currently.
- Group 2: Everyone are doing fine. No one are sick.
- Group 3: Everyone are doing fine. Work is progressing.
- Group 4: Everyone are doing fine, and work is progressing.
- Group 5: Everyone are doing fine, and work is progressing.
- Group 6: Everyone are doing fine, and work is progressing.

****

### What is your groupâ€™s progress since last meeting? Any progress on milestones? Has your plans changed? Are you on schedule? What are your obstacles?

 - Group 1: Completed milestones: "two-point routing", "loading road-network as graph", and "loading aggregate data". Milestone "Multi-point routing" is well underway. A bit report writing. Are currently on schedule; just feeling the usual pressure of a project.
- Group 2: Did not misunderstand model, but found a different model, which has been worked on, concerning autoencoders on the RNN. Have issues with output of models. May potentially contact Razvan for help.
- Group 3: Finished first draft of sprint 3 report. Finished implementing.
- Group 4: Lot of progress on implementation. Bit behind on report.
- Group 5: Still implementing. Working on map-matching again due to missing feature with respect to input. Getting ready for presentation.
- Group 6: Worked on making notebook interface capable of showing fields. Made bucketizing tool generic alongside a language for using it. Working on tools for aSTEP. Report is doing fine.

### How can we overcome these obstacles? What measures do we take to catch up with the plan?

Nothing major.

****

### Do you expect to be ready to show your service by next meeting (06-05-2020)?

- Group 1: Can at least show task 1. Might also have some part of task 3 to show, though that depends on how work progresses the next week.
- Group 2: Got aSTEP front-end and google platform integration, which works. Backend has trouble, but should be ready to show something.
- Group 3: Should be ready for next week.
- Group 4: Should have something to show, though quality is not guaranteed.
- Group 5: Not sure how much will be ready, concerning Task 2, but map-matching should be ready.
- Group 6: Will look into finishing their part of Task 1. Trying to get the notebook ready for showing the transfer of data. Will at least have something to show. 

****

## Additional topics.

### Announcements

- Can now return more detailed error messages by throwing an error-400 accompanied by some plain text or JSON. Guide will be added to the Wiki.
- Bin Yang has mentioned that we don't need to have something which is finished/working. We just need to have something to talk about.
- Group 5 has elected to remove a member of the group. 
 - The new group "group 17" will be composed of him alone.
 - A member of Group 2 has quit the study.