---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 13
description: The summary for the 13th committee meeting of 2020
published: true
date: 2020-05-06T15:11:02.509Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 13

> Wednesday, 06-05 from 12:30 to 14:00. Room: Discord-"Committee meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |    X        |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |     X      |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |      X     |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |    X        |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |  X          |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |     X       |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |    X        |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |   X         |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |     X       |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |    X       |
| Casper Klein                    |  17   |            |
| *Spectators from the various groups were present.* |  | |

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 4

- **Goals:**
  * Make different tests to justify your design and implementation.
- **Ends:** 22-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~18 days from 04-05-2020 (2.5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 06-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(16 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 13-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(9 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 20-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(2 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good psychological and physical health? ###

- Group 1: Everyone are in good health.
- Group 2: Everyone are in fine physical and psychological health. Nothing to talk about.
- Group 3: All in good health.
- Group 4: Everyone are fine.
- Group 5: Everyone are fine.
- Group 6: Everyone are fine.

****

### What is your group's outcome for Sprint 3? Were all goals achieved?

- Group 1: Basically finished implementing service. (Lacking a bit of UI). Completed all but 1 milestone, which is 50% done. Service is not terribly effecient, though.
- Group 2: bacially finished all goals. Google platorm service is done. Still missing a single feature. Back-end is almost finished.
- Group 3: Got everything implemented. Finished all goals and milestones. Got a smaller obstacle.
- Group 4: Managed to implement most of the service. Few bugs, but everything is mostly done. Need to smooth out the details still.
- Group 5: Finished prediction on graph. Finished most goals.
- Group 6: Notebook is not runable yet. Task 1 service is mostly completed.

### In one sentence, what is your group's ultimate goal(s) for Sprint 4?

- Group 1: Complete and test services, and finish report.
- Group 2: Finish all the google platform training. Finish interface. Talking with supervisor about final model choice. Overall, finish everything.
- Group 3: Create tests, implement way to get data, write report, and if time allows, implement additonal features.
- Group 4: Make implementation well-tested. Remove all known bugs. Perform tuning of models, maybe.
- Group 5: Fix RFN shape issue. Do exception handling for the two services.
- Group 6: Finish notebook. Make sure task 1 tool is more optimized. Make sure tool does what Group 1 needs it to do.

### What are your group's milestones for Sprint 4?

- Group 1: 
  - Test Speed analysis.
  - Finish implementing router.
  - Test and verify router.
  - Write sprint 3 report chapter.
  - Write sprint 4 report chapter.
  - Write evaluation report chapter.
- Group 2: 
  - Have not made sprint goals yet.
  - Finish implementation.
  - Make tests to visualize results
  - discuss results.
- Group 3: 
  - Write tests.
  - Implement RFC-16.
  - Finish report.
- Group 4: 
  - Write tests.
  - Fix bugs.
  - Train neural networks for longer periods.
- Group 5: 
  - Writing tests.
  - Handle exceptions.
  - Finish sprint 3 report.
  - additional training.
- Group 6: 
  - Make notebook usable.
  - Write documentation for own services.
  - Optimize Task 1 service.
  - Create tests.

****

### Do you have any obstacles? How do we overcome these?

- Group 1: The time it takes to query edge information is too long. Some notes in the mapdata doesn't have an entrance and some doesn't have an exit, making some routes impossible.
  - Found out why you can't enter but can leave certain nodes is due to type of edge. Fx residential edges can't be driven on.
  - maybe delete "dead ends" to avoid this problem. Might destroy certain paths which would otherwise be possible.
  - Is OSM's fault, as their data has the problem as well.
- Group 2: Problems with model will be discussed with the supervisor instead.
- Group 3: According to RFC-16, need to be able to take data. How do one get the output data of another service?
  - Through the fields, or calls to the URL of the service.
- Group 4: Have specific problem. NN is getting good at uni-variant data, but trying on multi-variant data is confusing. Model broke at some point, so unsure if it doesn't work as is, or if it was because it is broken.
- Group 5: Shape issue with relational fusion networks.
- Group 6: Problem with implementation of user interface, as it was not made to function with multiple services at once. Needs a lot of rework to make it more flexible.

****

### Let us see your services.

- Group 1: Has 2 services:
  - Speed analysis:
    - Enter trajectory id to get a graph showing the speed over time of that trajectory. Can show details of each GPS reading my mousing over.
      - A trejectory is a single drive/route.
    - Can also input a custom list GPS IDs to get their speeds, though these do not produce a graph.
    - Can print a JSON file containing (GPS_ID, Speed, Timestamp) for the entered IDs.
  - Route planner:
    - Currently only computes and shows a single, hard coded route, which takes 30 seconds to compute.
    - Has some issues with edges having some missing information.

- Group 2: 
  - Time-series NN forecasting:
    - Set a lot of options to customize the input for the specific situation.
    - Sends request to backend which then contacts google cloud platform, where the model is.
    - Is not yet on GitLab
    - Issue with front-end

- Group 3: 
  - Time series prediction tool:
    - Need to change documentation from an image to an explanation.
    - Choose between options "train" or "predict".
    - Choose file(.csv) and columns in said file which to train on. Then choose columns to predict on.
    - Need to install certain programs locally to use.

- Group 4: 
  - Time series anomaly detection:
    - Old version is available online.
    - Can display training data.
  - *Very technical descriptions.*
  
- Group 5: 
  - Map-mathcing micro service:
    - Map-matches a given list of gps points to the set of edges.
      - Can use trajectory ids, point coordinates or an edge id.
        - Draws the matched trajectory on a map.
        - edge id shows all points mapped to said edge.
  - Graph attributes:
    - Takes the base graph of a city, classifies its attributes with the RFN model, and returns it. Should high-light the various different attributes.
  - Attribute Prediction:
    - Can, on any abitrary graph, predict attributes.

- Group 6: 
  - Bucketizing Tool:
    - Takes data in the form of JSON as input.
    - Allows for querying said data to "bucketize" (or categorise, or aggregate) the output.
    - Online in the "other" category.
  - Historic Road Tool:
    - Connects to the map-matcher and bucketizer
    - Allows for, given the nearest edge to a lat and lon, as well as a query, to get a histogram over the speeds used on said edge. You can input an edgeID instead of the coordinates.
  - Notebook:
    - Allows for multiple instances of services.
    - Can name instances to use them as variables.
    - Can then access instances to use their outputs.



****

## Additional topics.

- How did GitLab use 15 gigabites in a single day?
  - Need to delete unneeded branches and images from container registry.

### Announcements

- Casper Klein(Group 17) will most likely wait until next year to try passing the SW6 semester again, so we should not expect him to participate.
- Exams will be online. Special regulations and requirements which need to be followed to allow this. Please read up on this in good time to avoid accidently breaking any. Information can be found [here](https://www.studieservice.aau.dk/studielegalitet).