---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 14
description: The summary for the 14th committee meeting of 2020
published: true
date: 2020-05-20T11:57:30.093Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 14

> Wednesday, 13-05 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |            |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |    X       |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |    X       |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |    X       |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |    X       |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |    X       |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |    X       |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |            |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |    X       |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |    X       |
| Casper Klein                    |  17   |            |

Additional observer from Group 6.

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 4

- **Goals:**
  * Make different tests to justify your design and implementation.
- **Ends:** 22-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~18 days from 04-05-2020 (2.5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 13-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(9 days left)**
  * Wednesday, 20-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(2 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good psychological and physical health? ###

- Group 1: Everyone are doing fine.
- Group 2: Everyone are in good health. No problems.
- Group 3: Everyone are doing fine.
- Group 4: Everyone are in fine health.
- Group 5: Everyone are healthy.
- Group 6: Bit stressed by time, but otherwise doing fine.

****

### What is your group’s progress since last meeting? Are your services and reports coming along fine? Do you have any obstacles?

- Group 1: Written a lot of report and debugged service. No obstacles, but feeling the time pressure.
- Group 2: Doing fine. Focussed on report from now on. Talked with supervisors about finding a working model, and have decided to use the current one. Basically finished implementation. Doing debugging still.
- Group 3: Missing a single feature of the implementation. Finished first report draft.
- Group 4: Almost finished implementation. Bit of a problem with training models. Doing report writing.
- Group 5: Solved problems from last week. Feeling a bit of pressure due to the nearing deadline. Report and impl are ongoing.
- Group 6: Everything is going on. Report is ongoing, and putting the finishing touches on services. Notebook UI needs an additional week of work.

### How can we overcome these obstacles? What measures do we take to catch up with the plan?

N/A

****

### Can all groups make a short video showcasing their service(s) by the end of the semester? These will be used next year to introduce students to aSTEP and can be used for the exam.

- Group 1: Group 1 has no problem with doing this.
- Group 2: Fine with the idea. Already planned on making a video.
- Group 3: Already planned for one as well.
- Group 4: If the deadline for the video is after the hand-in deadline, then it is fine.
- Group 5: No problem with the idea.
- Group 6: Already planned making a video.

#### Question about the type of video:
Per Bin Yang, the video should be a showcase of the service. We therefore infer that it should include an introduction to the service, describe how to use it, and cover some of the basic theory which controls it (Theory such as algorithms, neural network type, and other details as such). 

****

## Additional topics.

### Point of discussion

#### The meeting next week is the last one. Is there any topic which we should discuss then?
  - How should we plan the hand-over for the next semester?
    - We can look further into it during the exam period, but if people have written articles on the wiki covering their service and can be available for communication during the summer, then the person responsible for the hand-over should be able to plan it.