---
title: 2020 Committee meeting 15
description: The summary for the 15th committee meeting of 2020
published: true
date: 2020-05-20T11:58:36.830Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 15

> Wednesday, 20-05 from 12:30 to 13:30. Room: Discord-"Committee meeting"

| Name                            | Group | Attendance |
| :------------------------------ | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                        |  N/A  |            |
| Sean Kristian Remond Harbo      |   1   |     X       |
| Emil Palmelund Voldby           |   1   |     X       |
| Samuel Alexander Vall  Andersen |   2   |     X       |
| Milton Kristian Lindof          |   3   |     X       |
| Rasmus Smit Lindholt            |   3   |     X       |
| Kristian Vestermark             |   4   |            |
| Jonas Madsen                    |   4   |     X       |
| Christoffer Hansen              |   5   |     X       |
| Sebastian Hjorth Hyberts        |   6   |     X       |
| Casper Klein                    |  17   |            |

**Moderator**: Sean Kristian Remond Harbo

**Referent**: Emil Palmelund Voldby

****

## Sprint 4

- **Goals:**
  * Make different tests to justify your design and implementation.
- **Ends:** 22-05-2020
- **Duration:** ~18 days from 04-05-2020 (2.5 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 20-05-2020, 12:30 to 13:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(2 days left)**

****

## Meeting plan

### Is everybody still in good psychological and physical health? ###

- Group 1: People are slow, but otherwise seem to be as usual.
- Group 2: Everyone are still in isolation, and staying healthy.
- Group 3: Everyone are doing fine.
- Group 4: Everyone are healthy.
- Group 5: Everyone are healthy.
- Group 6: Everyone are healthy.

****

### Have you reached your milestones? Do you have any obstacles?

- Group 1: Finished implementing Route Planner and completed tests on this, but still need to document them. Finished testing "speed analysis" service. Need to do more report writing, but we're close. 
  We have been feeling the time pressure.
- Group 2: Finished model and testing of it. Issue with whether to split design and implementation between one sprint or two sprints due to when the work was performed. Lacking some documentation which delays report writing, but focus is on report.
- Group 3: Completed service and report. Mostly just editing and fixing errors.
- Group 4: Report is nearly completed. Sending last draft friday. Missing a bit about testing so far (concerning the many different models used). Having trouble with aSTEP servers. Issue with what type of collaboration section to use in the report.
- Group 5: Finished implementation. Currently writing report.
- Group 6: Tested services. Report is nearly completed. Did not manage to increase speed of Task 1 service since more important matters took priority. 

### How can we overcome these obstacles?

- Group 1: Invent a time machine or enter a time loop.
- Group 2: If it is only a small part that was completed in the next sprint, then there is no issue with including this in the previous sprint chapter. Larger amounts of work have to be written about in the correct sprint to reflect work load.
- Group 3: 
- Group 4: Some have written about collaboration throughtout the sprints, and then include a section in the end reflecting on this. Others have one entire chapter about it.
- Group 5: 
- Group 6: 

****

### Is there anything you want to say, given that this is the last meeting?

- Group 1: Can't really think of anything. Thanks for a good semester, and good luck at the exams. Hope to see you all again at the next semester.
- Group 2: 
- Group 3: 
- Group 4: 
- Group 5: 
- Group 6: 

****

## Additional topics.

### Resume in the report

- We have to include a resume for the bachelor project. Details can be seen in the email we received 20/05/2020 or [here](https://www.moodle.aau.dk/mod/forum/discuss.php?d=271448#p320889).

### What kind of tests did the groups do?
  - Group 1 : Less focus on unit and integration testing. More focus on responsetime and effeciency testing.
  - Group 3 : Unit testing and integration tests.
  - Group 4 : unit tests and testing with test data to compare with a baseline.