---
title: 2020 Fall Committee Meeting 1
description: A Summary of the 1st Committee Meeting for Fall 2020
published: true
date: 2020-09-24T09:40:29.594Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 1
> Wednesday, 23-09-2020 from 11:00 to 11:30. Room: NOVI9-1.112

| Name     | Group | Attendance |
| :------- | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang                         |  N/A  |           |
| Andreas Daugbjerg Christensen    |   1   |     X     |
| Magnus Helleshøj Lund            |   2   |     X     |
| Adil Cemalovic                   |   2   |     X     |
| Daniel Nørrevang Bech            |   3   |     X     |
| Lars Nyborg Pedersen             |   4   |     X     |
| Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg     |   5   |     X     |
| Henrik Stensgaard Jørgensen      |   5   |     X     |


**Moderator**: Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg

**Notetaker**: Martin Moesmann

****

## Sprint 1

- **Goals:**
  * Get started:
    * Check aSTEP 2020 Spring and their documentation.
    * Agree on initial design for UI and documentation.
- **Ends:** 02-10-2020
- **Duration:** 29 Days from 03-09-2020 (~4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 23-09-2020, 11:00 to 11:30, Room: NOVI9-1.112 **(10 days left of sprint)**
  * Wednesday, 30-09-2020, 11:00 o'clock, Room: TBD **(3 days left of sprint)**

****

## Meeting plan
- Each group presents their project plans, the current state of their work, their plan for next week and roadblocks, if any.
- The issue of finding overlaps and possibilites for collaboration between the groups.
- Set up a common Scrum Board on Trello for this semester.

### Presentation from each project group

- Group 1: 
  - Plans on using machine learning to classify hand movements, using an available sensor armband and/or a dataset from a previous semester. 
  - They have also considered implementing a new output type in the UI, making a 3D/2D model illustrate human movements. This should ideally be a generic utility so that other groups can also benefit. The group is unsure whether there is possibility for collaboration on this feature.
  - A goal for next week is researching the correct model for the ML.
  - Expired certificates on the website is a current roadblock for the group. Other groups are aware of the issue.

- Group 2: 
  - Plans on working with filling out missing information on routing maps, using machine learning.
  - They have been looking into map matching, and how it can be used in their service. 
  - For next week, they would like to look into different libraries for map matching. 
  - They would also like to look more into the aSTEP platform: Implement a "Hello Service", understanding the platform architecture, etc. 

- Group 3: 
  - Plans on working with stock forecasting, how stocks change over time.
  - They would also like to implement new UI features to visualize the service output since the current time series prediction UI is deemed lackluster.
  - They have looked into different datasets, but still need to find the right model. 
  - They haven't set up a Scrum board yet, since they wanted to wait until more organizational details were in place. Several members have previous experience with Scrum. 

- Group 4: 
  - Plans on working with outlier detection, streams of data being analyzed in particular.
  - If any of the other services need outlier detection, then this group would like to collaborate. 
  - The goal for next week is picking a dataset and algorithm.
  - They currently don't experience any roadblocks.


- Group 5: 
  - Their project plans are similar to group 2. 
  - Their choice of map matching algorithm will be coordinated with group 2, and common datasets might be used. Their supervisor suggested this intergroup collaboration.
  - Thinks that it would be interesting to look into possibilites for using outlier detection in collaboration with group 4. 

****

### Committee meetings
- Based on meeting summaries from previous semesters, it seems like everybody's usually friends in the beginning, but that agreements weren't concrete enough - which ended up being an issue. It's important to make sure that we clarify early which tasks overlap.
- Different ambition levels should be respected among the groups, but agreements should also be followed.
- Meetings should be held each week in order to keep track of the work.
- Bin Yang would like to participate in a meeting right after each sprint to monitor the progress of our work.

### Super group meetings
- The routing super group plans on having meetings before each committee meeting. Recommends the time series super group to meet regularly as well. The time series group subsequently decides to meet next week before the committee meeting as well (9:30 o'clock, in the barracks).
- Planning of super group meetings is up to the groups, but once a week would be recommendable.


### Expectations for the next meeting
- Until next time, each group should look more into the details of the platform, so that their plans can be concretized further. Their supervisor might be able to help with coming up with tasks adding value to the platform.
- An common aSTEP board has been made on Trello. In order to populate this board with tasks, a Scrum board for each super group should be ready for the next meeting. Not every single detail of each group's work has to be documented - only issues relevant for intergroup collaboration. 
- A formal agenda should be ready for the next meeting.