---
title: 2020 Fall Time Series Meeting 1
description: A summary of the first time series meeting for fall 2020
published: true
date: 2020-09-30T09:03:06.918Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Time series super group meeting 1
> Wednesday, 30-09-2020 from 9:30 to 10:10. Room: FRB 7G 3-117

| Name                             | Group | Attendance |
| :-------                         | :---: | :--------: |
| Andreas Daugbjerg Christensen    |   1   |     X      |
| Michael Nielsen                  |   1   |     X      |
| Daniel NÃ¸rrevang Bech            |   3   |     X      |
| Emil Laurits Bech                |   3   |     X      |
| Lars Nyborg Pedersen             |   4   |     X      |


**Notetaker**: Martin Moesmann

****


## Meeting plan
- Getting an overview of how work is progressing.
- Making a Scrum board for the time series super group. (NB: The meeting resulted in ideas for cooperation instead. See below.)


### Since last time
- Group 1: They have been looking into deep learning models for their project: CNN, RNN, MLP. They have also asked for money for a new sensor armband for data collection, awaiting a reply.
- Group 3: Currently focused on report writing. They plan on using the LSTM algorithm (deep learning, RNN variant) for analyzing stocks. They have pretty much decided on the direction of their project.
- Group 4: Has found the HS-Trees algorithm for outlier detection that considers an entire sequence in order to find the outliers. Their first goal is to implement it and see how it works. Not sure if their modelling strictly is a kind of machine learning.


### Ideas for cooperation
- Overall: Feels like the super group isn't ready for a Scrum board. Frontloading planning for the semester at this point seems a bit like overextending. 
- Since several groups will be looking into deep learning, there might be several possible crossovers: Two time series groups have been looking into the Keras framework, for instance. Setting up a working deep learning environment has been experienced as a challenge, so an exchange of ideas might be mutually beneficial here as well.
- The outlier detection service of group 4 could possibly be relevant for group 1, if they decide to gather their own data with the sensor armbands.
- Setting up the GPU server for data analysis. Maybe 1-2 groups setting it up and teaching the others.
- The servers don't back up data as of now, which is problematic. Maybe the server group could do this as a crossover? 
- The graphical representation of time series on the website seems lackluster to group 3. Group 1 considering extending the UI might be a possible crossover.
- The wiki documentation could be made more comprehensive and descriptive. There's currently missing steps in setup guides, for instance. Not all services are described either, which is a problem for new semesters, since code reuse is less likely if the internal workings of existing services are obscure.
- The search function on the wiki practically never shows what you need, which might be fixable.
    

### Future plans
- Next meeting Monday 5th, 12:30 o'clock, location TBD.
- Until next meeting: Note down problems on the wiki. Each group has been assigned a set of pages to look into: See the Scrum Discussion board on Discord. Update tasks will be delegated next meeting. 
- Talk to Christian (The Scrum Master of Scrum Masters) about getting ITS to expedite the GPU cluster acquisition.   


****
