---
title: Committee Meeting Summary 2
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-09-30T11:57:56.516Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

<!-- Words in all-caps should be changed/replaced -->
# Committee Meeting Summary 2
> Wednesday, 30-09-2020 from 11:00 to 11:30. Room: 0.2.11

| Name     | Group | Attendance |
| :------- | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang |  N/A  |            |
| Andreas Daugbjerg Christensen    |   1   |      x      |
| Magnus Helleshøj Lund    |   2   |        x    |
| Adil Cemalovic    |   2   |        x    |
| Daniel Nørrevang Bech    |   3   |      x      |
| Lars Nyborg Pedersen    |   4   |       x     |
| Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg    |   5   |     x       |
| Henrik Stensgaard Jørgensen    |   5   |     x       |

**Moderator**: Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg

**Referent**: Christian K. W. Damsgaard

****

## Sprint 1

- **Goals:**
  * Get started:
    * Agree on initial design for UI and documentation.
    * Check aSTEP 2020 Spring and their documentation. 
- **Ends:** 02-10-2020
- **Duration:** 29 Days from 03-09-2020 (~4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 23-09-2020, 11:00 to 11:30, Room: NOVI9-1.112 **(10 days left of sprint)**
  * Wednesday, 30-09-2020, 11:00 o'clock, Room: 0.2.11 **(3 days left of sprint)**

****

## Meeting plan
  * Follow up on goals from last meeting
  * Present scrum boards for super groups  
  * Ideas for collaboration between the groups
  * Potential challenges 
  * Procedure for contacting the Moderator

### Presentation from each project group

- Group 1: 
  - Their goals for this week were starting writing their report as well as acquiring sensor armbands
  - No major challenges besides getting the armbands
  - Are following their sprint goals as planned
  - Have been looking into collaboration with Group 3 regarding overlapping tasks
  
- Group 2:
  - Goals for this week were researching the GraphHopper map matching library as well as researching the aSTEP platform
  - Successfully map matched data from a .gpx file using GraphHopper
  - Implemented a Hello Service test project on Gitlab
 
- Group 3:
  - Have recieved training data and succesfully set up a database 
  - With the help of their supervisor they have decided they will be able to start training of their machine learning algorithm in the coming week
  - They have been primarily focused on writing their report
  - Have been looking into collaboration with Group 1 regarding overlapping tasks

- Group 4:
  - They are following their sprints goals as planned
 
- Group 5:
  - Goals for this week were researching the Barefoot map matching library as well as researching the aSTEP platform
  - Have agreed with Group 2 that a concrete library will be decided upon in the beginning of the next spring
  - Have been focused a lot on Scrum and report

****

### Server 
- The server representative, Andreas S. Andersen, presented the topics from the latest server meeting
- The server team has spent the last week figuring out the aSTEP architecture
- It turns out that some certificates are expired
- Access was granted to Kubernetes this Monday
- The plan is to get it functional next Tuesday at the latest
  - If not, the server team will have a meeting Tuesday 12:30 to hopefully resolved the issue
- One of the servers has no space left 
- There has been talk about moving the old services running on the UI proxy service to the Kubernetes cluster
  - The effort of moving these services must be determined

### Collaboration
- Time series 
  - The super group held a meeting before this meeting where tasks were divided between them

- Routing
  - The super group has produced a Scrum board for cross-group collaboration
  - Map matching library must be decided on Monday
  - The super group will collaborate closely about the map matching service after which the focus will be more on group specific services 

- Cross super group collaboration 
  - The time series super group had the idea to split up the Wiki between the groups with the goal of refining its' contents
  - Andreas D. Christensen (Group 1) has taken responsibility for reviewing the Wiki and splitting up tasks 
  - Another idea for collaboration was setting up a backup server
    - Group 3 has taken on the responsibility of researching this 
  - The Moderator is happy to answer questions between hours 8 to 16 but asks not to be disturbed during exercise sessions
  - People are asked to indicate that announcements on the Discord server have been read. A thumbs up is sufficient 
  - All groups are interested in the promised GPU server. The Moderator will inquire for details from Bin Yang 


### Expectation for the next meeting 
- Determine which Wiki pages that have to be refined 
- The routing super group will determine more specific tasks
- Bin Yang will likely attend the next meeting
- Concrete Scrum board for both super groups as well as individual groups must be set up in order to gain an overview of the workload for each group. This will allow for each group to easily estimate how much time they have left for collaborational tasks 























