---
title: 2020 Fall committee meeting 3
description: 2020 Fall committee meeting 3 summary
published: true
date: 2020-10-07T11:05:44.712Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 3
> Wednesday, 07-10-2020 from 11:00 to 11:45. Room: 0.2.90

| Name     											| Group | Attendance |
| :---------------------------: | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang				  						|  N/A  |            |
| Andreas Dagbjerg Christensen  |   1   |     x      |
| Magnus Belleshøj Lund     		|   2   |     x      |
| Adil Bo Cemalovic    					|   2   |     x      |
| Frederik Agneborn			    		|   3   |     x      |
| Marni Midjord     						|   3   |     x      |
| Lars Pedersen     						|   4   |     x      |
| Henrik Stensgaard							|   5   |     x      |
| Christian blæsbjerg     			|   5   |     x      |

**Moderator**: Christian Blæsbjerg

**Referent**: Marni Midjord

****

## Presentation from each project group

- **Group 1:**
  * Finished sprint 1
  * Sensor armbands have been acquired

- **Group 2:**
  * Finished sprint 1, and will be writing the documentation for it now
  * Have planned with Group 5 that they focus on logic, while Group 5 focus on front-end

- **Group 3:**
  * Sprint 1 documentation almost done
  * Started experimenting with uploading to aSTEP site
  * Trying to figure out which neural network model is most suitable

- **Group 4:**
  * Have figured out what to write in sprint 1 documentation
  * Are starting to write sprint 1 documentation
  * Have divided wiki editing tasks between Group 1, 3 and 4

- **Group 5:**
  * Have a few thing from sprint 1 to transfer to sprint 2 documentation

## Collaboration

- Group 2 and 5 are, with the same counselor, making a mapmatching service together in sprint 2
	* After this they can work on their own services in sprint 3
	* They are using a shared trello that shows the appointments between the groups

- Group 1, 3 and 4 had a meeting, where they talked about editing the wiki, and divided wiki editing work between the groups.
	* This work is not urgent, but is expected to be done by the end of sprint 3
	* The groups are not expected to make in-depth editing of every service, but rather some more general editing
	* Some of the groups have misunderstood the specifics of the wiki editing, but it is now clear that Group 1, 3 and 4 should give some of their assigned tasks to Group 2 and 5 by 16:00 today

- Christian has been in contact with a "server guy" that suggests that the structure of the server could be changed
	* This should be explored and possible tasks should be divided between groups

- The groups should work together on other tasks if they are not working together much in the implemention of their service

- Each group should discuss collaboration topics with their counselor if they are lost.

## Future meetings

- There should be an attempt to use scrum more than it has been
	* An example is by using the scrum meetings as review and retrospective.

- There could be specified some tasks at the end of every meeting

- The meetings would be better if more concrete tasks are planned between groups, so that there are more concrete things to talk about

- The meetings will be every wednesday at 11:00 unless specified otherwise beforehand.

## Other
- Bin Yang will contact ITS to figure out when the GPU-server should be available