---
title: 2020 Fall Committee Meeting 4
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-10-14T10:22:49.195Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

<!-- Words in all-caps should be changed/replaced -->
# Committee Meeting Summary 4
> Wednesday, 14-10-2020 from 11:00 to 11:30. Room: 0.2.90

| Name     | Group | Attendance |
| :------- | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang |  N/A  |            |
| Andreas Dagbjerg Christensen     |   1   |       x     |
| Magnus Belleshøj Lund     |   2   |      x      |
| Adil Bo Cemalovic     |   2   |       x     |
| Emil Laurits Bech     |   3   |      x      |
| Jakob Østenkjær Hansen     |   4   |     x       |
| Henrik Stensgaard     |   5   |      x      |
| Christian blæsbjerg     |   5   |     x       |

**Moderator**: Christian Blæsbjerg

**Referent**: Adil Bo Cemalovic

****

## Sprint 2

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implement.
  * When making the design, talk to other groups to make sure the
APIs are OK with all of you (an important part in the context of
multi-project).
- **Ends:** 30-10-2020
- **Meetings:**
  * Wednesday, 07-10-2020, 11:00 to 11:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(23 days left of sprint)**
  * Wednesday, 14-10-2020, 11:00 to 11:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(16 days left of sprint)**

****

## Meeting plan
- Follow up on goals from last meeting
- Present Scrum Boards (Route and Time Series)
- Discuss collaboration ideas (Wiki, Server etc)
- Make concrete agreements on work tasks
- General project challenges

### Weekly Scrum

- Group 1:
  - Will make use of a fully convolutional network algorithm they got from supervisor. They are looking into using python as well, but are not very experienced in it. They have contacted ITS about the wristbands, they should be here in a few weeks.
- Group 2:
  - Been focused on writing report, documenting the first sprint, and have initiated the work on the Map Matching service. Have been discussing with Group 5 on how to manage this process. They are trying to figure out how make tasks so they will not overlap by setting up User Stories. Group 2 is  working on the logic part of the service, which will be written in Java, using the Java web framework Spring. Challenges for this group is synchronizing the User Stories with Group 5.
- Group 3:
  - Got a service up and running on aSTEP. Been focusing on figuring out the UI service, and researching how to implementing it and changing some of it. They are looking into implementing their model as well. They are also making some design considerations, still following the general theme of aSTEP, but adding some changes. They have some issues about how to clone the UI repository.
- Group 4:
  - Decided their learning algorithm, found a library, and trying to test it with some test data. They want to make their algorithm own and compare results. The library only uses numerical data, but their own service also needs non-numerical data. They finished documenting the first sprint last week.
- Group 5:
  - Spent the last week writing their report, as well as figuring out User Stories with Group 2. They also have to figure out how the database should be structured so it supports the required data. 
  
### Collaboration

- Routing
  - Scrum board has not changed much since last time. The newly created User Stories need to be added to the Board. Subtasks need to be added to the User Stories which will be delegated to the appropriate group. 
  - 
- Time Series
  - Have not yet fully decided on collaboration. Group 4, working with outlier detection with streams of data, asks if anyone needs this in their project. 
  - The Moderator stresses that collaboration is very important. Time Series agrees to sit down and have an internal meeting and further discuss possible collaboration.
  - Group 2 suggests that the next meeting is joined by Bin Yang, as he has the vision for aSTEP, so he may have some clues as to how collaboration will work for Time Series. 
- Bin Yang defines collaboration with at least one other group as a requirement for this semester, so it is very important.
- Group 1 is stressing the importance of GPU server. The Moderator says that this is definitely coming as well as a possible collaboration on creating the API for it.
- When Group 1 acquires their wristbands, they may need some new test subjects to gather more data for their project. This could be a possible point of collaboration.
- Next meeting will be joined by Andreas from Group 1, since he has some ideas for how the restructuring of the database could look like.


### Expectations for the next meeting

- Routing synchronizes their User Stories and creates concrete subtasks.
- Time Series figures out collaboration between the groups and possibly creates a Scrum Board.
- Bin Yang hopefully attends.
- Andreas from Group 1, possibly along with the rest of the Server Group, considers how to restructure the server architecture.
