---
title: 2020 Committee Meeting 5
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-11-12T11:47:59.777Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

<!-- Words in all-caps should be changed/replaced -->
# Committee meeting summary 5
> DAY, 04-11-2020 from 11:00 to 11:30. Room: 0.2.90

| Name     | Group | Attendance |
| :------- | :---: | :--------: |
| Bin Yang |  N/A  |            |
| NAME     |   501   |      X      |
| NAME     |   502   |      X      |
| NAME     |   503   |      X      |
| NAME     |   504   |      X      |
| NAME     |   505   |      X      |


**Moderator**: Christian Bl√¶sbjerg 

**Referent**: Jan Lund

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Goal
  * Goal
- **Ends:** 27-11-2020
- **Duration:** 26 Days from 01-11-2020 (4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * DAY, 04-11-2020, 11:00 to 11:30, Room: 0.2.90 **(24 days left of sprint)**
****

## Meeting plan

### Point of discussion

- Group 1: Would have liked to be able to livestream data from their bracelet.
This has been put on hold as it ended up being more challenging than anticipated. Furthermore, they have finished writing sprint 2.
Now they are focussing on which data to collect and how this data should be used in their project.
Finally, they have arranged a meeting with group 504, where group 504 are going to show a demo of their service.
- Group 2: Should have finished their map-matching service in the previous sprint, which did not succeed.
 They should, however, be finished during the next week, which has been agreed upon by group 505.
 They are going to start working on sprint 3 when they are finished with the map-matching service.
- Group 3: They are currently finishing up the writing about sprint 2 and have started training their model.
In the comming week, they are going to make their backlog for the comming sprint, as well as optimizing their group structure.
- Group 4:They are currently writing about the second sprint, which should be finished in this week.
They have also figured out how their algorithm works and are preparing to implement and desing it.
Furthermore, they have arranged a meeting with group 501, where they are going to present a demo of their service, this demo will be ready 17/11.
To support the requriments for group 501, they have implemented support for livestreaming of data, this will not be needed in the current iteration of aSTEP, but will be keept in the service for future iterations.
- Group 5: Has postponed the map-matching service until group 502 has finished their map-matching service.
Now they are going to focus on writing the report for sprint 2 and create a backlog for the comming sprint.
Furthermore, they are going to start getting an understanding of the 

****

## Additional topics.
* The meeting structure of the scrum meeting will be changed, so that it will only focus on the collaboration between groups, and not so much about the individual groups progress
* A list showing the possible upgrades to the aSTEP project in general, will be created. Here the groups will be able to pick an assignment, if they finish their current general aSTEP assignment.

### Point of discussion

-