---
title: 2020 Fall Committee Meeting 8
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-11-18T11:30:18.178Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

<!-- | [18-11-2020](/summaries/2020/11-18) | 8. Committee | Committee | -->

# Committee meeting summary 8
> DAY, 18-11-2020 from 11:00 to 11:30. Room: 5-115

| Name     | Group | Attendance |
| :------- | :---: | :--------: |
| Andreas Christensen     |   501   |      X      |
| Magnus Helleshøj Lund     |   502   |      X      |
| Daniel Nørrevang Bech     |   503   |      X      |
| Frederik Agneborn     |   503   |      X      |
| Lasse Harde     |   504   |      X      |
| Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg     |   505   |      X      |
| Henrik Stensgaard Jørgensen     |   505   |      X      |



**Moderator**: Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg 

**Note taker**: Martin Moesmann

****

## Sprint 3

- **Goals:**
  * Make a concrete design and implement.
- **Ends:** 27-11-2020
- **Duration:** 27 Days from 01-11-2020 (4 weeks)
- **Meetings:**
  * DAY, 18-11-2020, 11:00 to 11:30, Room: 5-115 **(9 days left of sprint)**
****

## Meeting plan

### Point of discussion

### Update from the timeseries groups
- Group 4 has demonstrated their streaming service, which seemed promising according to the other groups. Going forward, focus will mostly be on running experiments with it for inter-group collaboration.
- Group 1 has promised to send timeseries data with some outliers to group 4 until next week for testing their outlier detection.
- Group 3 keeps on working with what they have. Their role within the inter-group collaboration seems clear to them. They are mostly experiencing difficulties with all of the limitations on the website. For instance, it is not possible to execute custom JavaScript (maybe a security measure to prevent cross-site scripting). The JS issue could possibly be flagged as a task, but maybe it is too late to fix the issue within this semester.
- Group 4 has presented their streaming API to the other group and plans providing more documentation for their service until next time.


### Update from the routing groups
- Work has mostly continued as usual since last time. They have a few improvements in mind for their map matching services. 
- Group 2 experiences some time pressure. They plan on cleaning up their services (they have multiple) and finishing what they have.



### The arrival of the GPU server
- The GPU server is running, and people should have logins by now, but how the setup works is still unclear - what is required for running a machine learning project, for instance? 
- Ubuntu + Tensorflow is probably set up, and there is access to a shell etc.
- In terms of ressource use and dependency handling, it is important to note that the GPU server is shared with other faculties. 
- Group 5 is currently making a Docker image for training to virtualize dependices and use less space on the server. 
- Making some kind of sheet with time slots, or a similar system, so people can train at the right time is under discussion.
- People agree that hogging up the server ressources etc. should be avoided.
- Groups ready to train should train now to figure out how the platform works and use the available time slots efficiently. 



****

## Additional topics.
### Status on semester assignments
- Group 2: They are currently working on moving old Docker images from the 'UI proxy + Docker host' server to the K8S cluster. They have people on it. 
- Group 3: Currently working on getting backups up an running. Doing it, but have to confer within the group for the exact status.
- Group 4: Currently working on cleanup in the existing databases. They currently have an issue with primary keys when trying to restore backups while porting them into the databases. They might need to confer a bit with the server group. The server guy from group 3 is available if needed. 
- Group 5: Currently working on fixing repository structure on GitLab. As of now, they only have the state of their assignment on their own Scrum Board - they promise to remediate this.


****
## Until next meeting:
- All groups should try to run something on the GPU server to see how it works and update others as needed.