---
title: 2020 Fall Committee Meeting 11
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-12-16T14:37:14.489Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Committee meeting summary 11
> Wednesday, 16-12-2020 from 11:00 to 11:30. TEAMS

| Name     											| Group 	| Attendance 	|
| :------- 											| :---: 	| :--------: 	|
| Andreas Christensen     			|   501   |      X      |
| Magnus Helleshøj Lund     		|   502   |      X      |
| Daniel Nørrevang Bech     		|   503   |      X      |
| Nikolaj Bach Poulsen   				|   503   |      X      |
| 							   							|   504   |             |
| Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg  |   505   |      X      |
| Henrik Stensgaard Jørgensen   |   505   |      X      |



**Moderator**: Christian Andersen Blæsbjerg 

**Referent**: Nikolaj Bach Poulsen

# Meeting plan

 Point of discussion:

## Update from the timeseries groups
- Group 1 has worked on their report since last meeting, and are making small adjustments to their service, but are overall done with their service. 
- Group 1 was in charge of testing the service of group 2, and have collected some feedback that has been presented to group 2.
- Group 3 has made a temporary solution in regards to backup of the 2 databases. This will be documented on the wiki, and how to procede with it. 
- Group 3 was supposed to test the service of group 4, but at the previouse meeting it was decided that the timeseries groups should destribute testing task.
- Group 4 was supposed to test the service of group 5, but as they were not present at the meeting, it was unknown what the status of this task is.

## Update from the routing groups
- Group 2 experiences some time pressure. They have done most of the wiki-tasks, but have had some trouble with documenting the notebook of the wiki. They have had some trouble moving service from the proxy server, to kubernetes. The work that has been done, will be documented on the wiki, if any future semester will try to move the services.
- Group 2 was in charge of testing group 3 service. At this time in the meeting, it is being done, and are hoping to be done with it within the next hour.
- Group 5 have finished making corrections to the wiki, but have not looked at their pipeline task, as they are experiencing some time pressure. At the moment they are unsure if they are able to make their service work.
- Group 5 was in charge of testing group 1 service, which should be done, but some communication is needed as group 1 has not recieved any feedback yet.

## Evaluation of scrum
- What went well?
	- It was a good decision to make scrum meeting about the collaboration between groups, in contrast to the start of the semester where a lot of time was spent on what the different groups was working on, which is not as relavant for the scrum meetings
  - It was a good thing to have a server-group which specialized in the server setup, and how the different machines work. This was especially good for this semester, as the aSTEP webside was down since the middle of sprint 1 - start of sprint 2
- What can be improved?
	- More physical contact, like the server-group did. Since corona is still a thing, there has been a division of groups working from home as well as groups working at the university. This can sometimes make communication a bit tricky, as groups has to contact eachother via. social media.
- For future semesters?
	- Keep the meetings short 20-30 min. and focus on the collaboration between the groups.
  - Have routing-group and timeseries-group meetings more regularly, and use these meetings for more detailed topics, and use scrum meetings for the more broad spectrum.
  - Create a server group to handle all servers.
  - Create a UI group to handle all request for new features on the UI, as it can be tricky to understand since it uses Angular.