---
title: Logistics
description: Made in 2018, the Logistics service is used to produce near-optimal delivery plan for parcel delivery companies.
published: true
date: 2020-12-09T13:09:58.485Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Logistics

> NOTE: This page reflects the state of the service at the end of the Spring 2020 semester.
> NOTE: This page was not created by the original creators of the service.
{.is-info}

Originally made by group SW602F18 (aka. PA1), this service is used to find near-optimal delivery routes for parcel delivery companies. It optimizes according to delivery time, the capacity of the delicery vehicles, the opening hours of the delivery locations, and the working hours of the delivery personnel.

It uses the "Savings Algorithm" combined with "Large Neighbourhood Opimization" to find the best route or routes between all the delivery locations (it supports multiple delivery vehicles). The service pre-computes the time it takes to drive between each static delivery location in order save time during the routing process. The service only supports routing though these known locations. It cannot route between arbitrary addresses.

The service makes use of the [DB1/postgres](/databases/DB1/postgres) database, the [DB1/logistics](/databases/DB1/logistics) database, and the [OSRM_service](/servers#db1-and-db2) service running on the `DB1`server computer. The database stores a graph of the danish road network and OSRM is a pathfinder that uses said graph.

This service is accessible through the [Legacy Services](/services/legacy-services) service. You can find the source code for the service's backend on GitLab here: "https://daisy-git.cs.aau.dk/aSTEP-2018/LogisticsREST-API". It makes use of a library, the source code of which is found here: "https://daisy-git.cs.aau.dk/aSTEP-2018/BRING-Logistics", and another library, the jar-file of which is found here: "https://daisy-git.cs.aau.dk/SimonLinnebjerg/OSRM_Java_Interface" (we don't have the source code).

That last library is used to communicate with the OSRM_service on the `DB1`server computer.



### Input and output to the service

The service require a workload file, this workload file can be generated by using the workload generator in developer mode.






