---
title: 2019 Committee Meeting 5
description: A Summary of the 5th Committee Meeting for SW6F19
published: true
date: 2020-04-27T14:55:36.811Z
tags: 
editor: undefined
---

# Komite møde 5, 6/3

## Absence

- Mikkel has joined the project

## Group wise presentation of progress

- G1 (Temporal - TADAA)
  - Setup of kubernetes with auto devops
  - Updated servers
  - Free space on servers
  - Auto fetch from the front end
  - Have got data last wednesday, but haven’t looked much at it.
  - Almost the same server structure as last year
- G3 (Temporal - exoskeleton)
  - Finished UI design guide
    - Done at the meeting today
  - Meeted with the exoskeleton guy
    - He have too high expectations, and they are trying to find a solution
  - Looked at which type of database to use
  - Wrote some report
- G4 (Spatial data)
  - Helped with setup microservice
    - Created a demo
  - Created a RFC repository
    - A place to save all the agreements
  - Got access to their database at monday
  - Will properly reuse code from the earlier semester for
- G5 (Spatio Temporal data - Drive Identification)
  - Database
    - Implement REST-api
    - Common interface like get by ID
      - Have been descuses by not concluded yet, the conclusion will be taken at a database meeting
    - Splitting data for training/validation
    - Specifics for different data types
  - UI
    - Most has been mentioned by the other groups
  - Got access to data
  - Deciding on ML framework and how to implement
- G6 (Temporal - TADAA)
  - Researched microservices and created their own
  - Looked at different algorithms
  - Problem with their data, because they only got single dimensional data
  - Looked at a weather API to look at if the weather affected the use of cars
    - DMI have some data, but they do not know the price
- G7 (Temporal - exoskeleton)
  - Have close collaborate
  - Influxdb and timescape
  - Prototype
  - Discussed aSTEP with the exoskeleton guy
  - Some conflict with the his requirements and the aSTEP
  - Documented phase 1 in the report

## Comments on the part of Astep

- Each attendant ask their group if they disagree with what that have been decided on the common part of the project?
- We have to open about if there is something that we disagree with

## Status

- G5 has a missing member
  - He have only showed op two times
  - G5 have taken action and the situation is being handled
- Emil sent a link to Bin so he could look at the UI
  - It was shown on the projector

## Wrap-up of phase 1

- All groups seem to be up to date

## Next meeting

- Each group should have a concrete idea about the goal of their project
- Next database meeting we should consider if all timeseries groups should use the same database

## Misc

- RFCs Should be up for at least one week
- Discuss all RFC in each meeting
  - If all groups agree the can be merged otherwise it is fixed before next meeting
- Common documentation status
  - We will properly use swagger
  - Have to agreed on this before we implemented too much
